who has visible tattoos can enter medicine?
I am looking for a girl for "love at first sight". Leave a like and, after browsing your profile, you will be contacted.
I'm looking for a fake boyfriend for Christmas lunch. So the relatives do not break my balls always with the same story ... ah, we must also exchange gifts, we must be credible.
For those who feel lonely these days or for those who want to make new friends we have created a group on telegram to organize outings and events together, give us a look if you go 🙂 https://t.me/joinchat/AUw9PlC-G-nRtcW4sAVemw
Oh but I see people more pissed at Christmas than at other times of the year. How is it possible
Spit this guy. I'm looking for it everywhere
I'm selling the doubt that going around to say, "oh my God, where can I study on the evening of the 24th?" "Are there classrooms open on the 25th of the morning?", Just a way to make a gap, when in fact you also get dry in class
Hello guys, yesterday morning, when I arrived at the university, I find myself in front of this scene ..... Generally this classroom study is full of students who study, but yesterday I was obviously the only idiot who wanted to study.
Not to ruin Christmas, but soon the exams begin.
V. C. 2nd year of languages, you are beautiful ..
My personal Christmas tree concept.
I have a curiosity: are there any girls who want to do it practically every day? At most one no and two yes?. And there are guys who do not want to do it every day?
I should do a Spanish course abroad. Do any of you who have already had experience suggest me some language school / center in Spain? Thanks 😊
I look for 5 tickets for the March 3 maneskin concert
I'm looking for a girl for pampering. Anyone interested, put a like
The directors of Spotted Unict who listen to more confessions of the priests are overwhelmed
Study rooms open from the 27 are there?
For students of letters with ambitions from writers, or for anyone who had this passion or wanted to do this in life:. If you propose to write erotic literature would you accept?
G. C. of biological sciences. It is understood that you want it 😏
Study rooms open on December 23rd?
The student of letters who forgot to book for the test in progress of literature is overwhelmed. You are legendary, I have nothing else to say!
Hi guys. Do you know where I can find (even among you) people who play djembè (the instrument is that of the photo)? If yes, do you like themed nights? Let me know 😉
Legend has it that a seagull flits at the Benedictine monastery
JURISPRUDENCE. But I'm the only one who tries to repeat instead of saying "Official Gazette", says "Journal of the Prophet"? ... Other than Unict, I'm at Hogwarts
I keep losing in your eyes ... I miss you ❤️
But how do you even have lovers that I do not even find one?
Spino myself and those who like me do not have a girlfriend but do not break the balls in the world.
But are the comments on Spotted as an internship for a degree in Psychology?
Boy do you have any maneskin tickets for Catania ??? We will pay more to have them at all costs
Today the vodafone with happy friday gives 10 euros of good Mondadori spendable on a minimum cost of 30 euros. I have 2 and I do not know what to do with it, if someone can serve or interest, I like it and I will send you the code. I choose randomly among the like 😊
M. I do not find the courage to come forward ... I wonder if you, you realized ...
From the Genova Principe station we hope that our dreams can be realized
Hello people, could you tell me where to find in Catania shops, fairs, markets and anything else you can find vinyl records?
G. of organic chemistry of the course of toxicology, but what do you do to women? 😂.P.S. we await a declaration at the end of the course!
The intersection of our glances between a painting by Caravaggio and a sculpture by Michelangelo was the most intense thing of this semester.
Boys desperately look for two tickets for the date in Catania of the Maneskin! Help two poor girls 🙏
Bring a girl to the heart bar at about 5.15pm. You were with 3 of your friends and I was sitting out, I was next to two of my friends.
University parties? .I and my colleague prefer to compete for those who eat more sandwiches with mortadella and salami
In any case: I found this tray in the A2 Hall to the Benedictines. If someone wants it back, he can go to the guardhouse next to the A rooms of the monastery
Hello everyone guys 😊. Do you know in Catania if there are shops that make covers for personalized phones, but that do not cost a lot? The only one I know is the one in via Etnea, but it is too expensive 😅
But in Catania there is no player who plays professionally at tekken?
Hello, I saw you in the citadel at 13.30, you came down, we looked at each other and I lost myself in your blue eyes, if you recognize yourself, I like the post, I would like to see you again ..
Spotto the guy with the dark blue parka and glasses, which took the littorina this morning in Paternò 😊 you're really cute! If you recognize yourself, leave a comment.
When crystals are formed but you are not in Breaking Bad. From D. Department of Chemical Sciences
To all students of science and psychological techniques, can anyone tell me until there is a lesson before Christmas? And when does it reopen later? Thanks so much!
spit the guy who wrote this letter, I would like to shake your hand and offer you a coffee ... (I'm a boy you do not priari)
We are four female students looking for a house in the Benedettini area. No time wasters or slums. No insurmountable flights of stairs. Ground floor or elevator.
Blond girl of political science of the course of second-year international relations I saw you Monday before your exam! You hit me, if you find yourself leave a like
I see you spottano in many A.G of languages ​​... But why do not you ever send me a message? I would love to hear from you ... even if a nice guy like you will have something else on your mind .......
I would like advice from you. I'm a freshman, first year of computer engineering. If you do not pass the first exam, what would you do?
girls who complain of the death of cute and straight boys to the Benedictines: to me the situation does not seem so tragic; rather, have you ever tried to take a stroll at Verginelle? there is desperation from us
A.A.A Seeking girls / groups with here to share evenings, outings, fun. "Liscia" 😀. I am a girl I am 22 years old and I am in Catania recently .... Leave a like / comment. Who wants to make new friends Desirèe
I wrote you a couple of times on grindr, the only thing I know is that you make the law. Do not be afraid of being yourself ... And nothing, I miss you G.
Study rooms open during the holidays ??
BENEDETTINI.We are two girls of the second year of languages, we span F. C. who yesterday had the blue shirt. Sometimes we talked in recent years but we never managed to tell you what we think of you: you're too cute, we would like to make an exit with you!
My professor of chemistry M.E.F. That sooner or later I will marry ❤️
I am desperately looking for a girl seen in the metro today 20/12, you had blonde short hair and a gift of kiko in your hand! Let yourself be recognized !!
CARRY :. "I told him not to rent to law students! They are all arrogant and arrogant !!!!" .Cit. Master of the house.You have comments 🤦🏼♀️😡
My mother spotto that made me find the parmigiana at the table!. Thanks Ma!
Hello everyone! We are two guys looking to do something new year, we take any, but just that we have a company that has fun and does interesting things ... What are you planning? Shoot some suggestions!
The coppietta that limona and slingua in front of everyone in Palazzo Ingrassia is overwhelmed. The apotheosis was reached while I was with a colleague of mine and in their enthusiasm they threw themselves on people. APPARTATEVI!
Do you know of evenings day 21? Post-examination drunkenness is required
Under the high school students giggling and limonano sitting at the Bellini villa. Have mercy on us old spinsters who have not fucked the Mesozoic life and who find very little reason to laugh, especially in session. Be young in silence.
Hello everyone, my name is V and I am Acitan doc. In life I have a great passion: eating horse meat at the plebiscite way from S.F for this reason I look for zulu friends like me to go all together to eat the onion. To get organized, put a like and I will contact you
Let's organize a Risiko from the dai
Monastero dei Benedettini. The boy with a blue shirt and his friend with a gray jacket and sweatshirt who were chatting outside in the courtyard, you are very cute 🙂
It does not matter if you are made of plastic or glass, the important thing is that what you have to feed is good for those you love
The girl I saw at dinner canteen Oberdan, I liked a lot had a yellow jacket but above all: fairy eyes.Ps we took the trays together .. I would like to meet you.
Hi Spotted people! I have to buy a laptop that I will use mainly for studying, but if I can throw some game it would be even better. What do you recommend? Can I find something cheap that manages to combine my desire to study and nerd?
WANTED ATHLETE FOR SECOND FIPAV DIVISION Evening training three times a week. . If interested, put a "like" and you will be contacted.
For two months now you have revived the atmosphere of the High School. A.A.A looking for dark-haired part-time student with dark eyes, instead of doing the moped with the vigilantes would not be better an invitation from your peer?
Found purple earring near the DMI. Comment and you will be contacted. Merry Christmas to everyone 🙂
Congratulations to all the "engineers" who do not even make the effort to throw the trash in the baskets
Dmi and surroundings: the saga continues
I would like a guy with whom I can do the worst I eat and who is romantic at these levels
Spite the boy who today at Vittorio Emanuele deigned to leave the bathroom door open, beast to vote next door up there open door.
I love you but you listen to Gazzelle
Study room open during the holidays?
When the professors are more desperate than the students. Santa Claus letters on the dmi's Christmas tree:
I'm an agrarian boy and I'm looking for a girl with a tractor. No time wasters. Thank you.
Hello everyone! I am an off-campus student, I am 20 years old and I would like to start playing basketball again. I was wondering if any of you could suggest associations to be part of to resume with training, but something not too challenging ... Preferably Piazza Lanza area
Where can I have a cheap iPhone 5 repaired?
Good evening to all. I sell 4 Biagio Antonacci tickets on December 30th in Acireale. Anyone interested would let me know ...
When you're a joke and you refuse to cook, but your roommate is more stuffone than you and manages to burn a pizza precooked leaving it for 37 minutes instead of 10, due to collapse on the sofa
Spotta te: I saw you in the towers, sweatshirt diadora, perhaps a foreigner. Maybe it's fate, I saw you Friday night in the draws of Via Gabriele D'Annunzio, side b da pauraa 😉😉😉.If you recognize you put a like, I would like to meet you
Hello everyone. I write from a student of accounting, interested in the University of Catania. I have difficulty in being able to choose between 3 faculties: Law, Political Science and Economics and Commerce. I ask you therefore, could you tell me the pros and cons of each one, you who attend?
Spent the leaders of the citadel of the citadel that call lunch today Christmas lunch just because now start to line up and if you're okay eat for the holidays, but speed up the service a little?
The secret stocks of CDM (shit flatmate) 😂
The girl who, today at Vittorio Manuele, came into the bathroom and found me with her buttocks outside. My joy, if next time tuccilii ti fazzu viriri macari u ravanti, beast
Rather than blasting yourself unnecessarily without ever knowing the boy / girl seen in the subway, study room or fishmonger, why not put a like or comment and organize a nice game to pre-Christmas cards ... P.s. No strip poker scopone and / or similar.
AAA looking for two girls I met at the cafeteria Oberdan, I would like to meet again .. The cutlery guy😊
For those who live in the areas of largo rosolino pilo..Do you know the cause of the deafening noise?
Spit the student's home in Cittadella, Picchi I do not fun the uaifai?
Spino those funny guys of M.M and M.S who spend their days giving themselves show by tagging on thousand thousand crap: find a room, thank you.
My dear padawan, I'm looking for company to go and see Star Wars today December 19 at the Odeon, preferably at the show of 5:45 pm, since I've been ammaronata. Do not disappoint me! 🙂
We are two girls and we look for a clean, respectful and preferably non-smoker roommate with whom we can serenely share a brand new apartment, in the wide Rosolino Pilo area.
My physics bank spills you
Girl with red hair, dark red French beret, jeans a bit 'torn and really large sketchbook, fleeting sight in via etnea last night around 7, you're really beautiful
Join the group created by Spotted Unict to buy and sell books at top speed! ..https: //www.facebook.com/groups/SpottedUnict.ComproVendoLibri/
All those who like me, before difficult lessons, are charged with a charge of physical and moral energy based on nutella, chocolate, chocolates, m & m's
To the girls on the first floor of the condominium of via etnea, exactly in front of the exit of the metro ... A greeting once in a while would be nice. Instead of closing you in. .Firmato: the guys in the building opposite.
Lately I have seen many posts of people looking for a soul mate and I decided to try it too. So without many turns of words is there any girl who is interested in having a chat in front of a coffee?
Biological Tower 2:40 pm: shop assistant at the bar that you offered us pandoro, you have improved the day! They should all be like you!
Hello everyone! .I want a ticket for the concert of Biagio Antonacci on December 29th in Acireale..Who would be interested in buying comments with "interested" and will be contacted.
"I decided. To lose myself in the world. Even if I sink. I leave things. I take them elsewhere. It does not matter where" ❤
I am looking for a roommate for a house in via Dalmazia (right next to Giuffrida metro and Economia). Fantastic house, equipped with everything. Single room for 200 euros
I appeal to all those guys who, despite being close to the age of 30, behave like teenagers looking for any form of life that can satisfy them. But quannu you quagghia to mennula? You are ridiculous!
exam of #startup
Spite whoever wrote this letter to Santa Claus, found on the bridge of the Benedettini .. Connected, you have all my respect and full solidarity.
Anyone who has had Professor A. of Physics 1, I beg you to let us forward desperately need help, advice, material, a little hope and some good news.
The girl with the black and white striped sweater of the lesson 14-16 physics 2 M-Z of Monday 18 is off, you're pretty, if you recognize yourself you beat a shot
To the guy who works from Stradivarius at etnapolis, you cheered up my shopping afternoon and my friends. You have a magnetic look
Day 18 December .. Date to remember ... in Catania an indefinite group of people who respect the right in the escalators of the metro 😂
Sometimes people are more useless than Mr. Bean's voice actor
How do you find the motivation to study when you are fully distressed? And what is your study method that helps you fulfill your goals? Give advice to a poor matriculation 🙁
For those who complained of the bad smell during the lessons. You are confusing it with the very famous Caghér d'exam, eau de parfum. In each pole someone has a bottle.
Hello everyone! Can someone tell me if in the neighborhood of Via Vittorio Emanuele there are gyms (even volleyball gyms)? Thank you very much in advance!
Fuck the love, the only thing that tries to trap me for years by closing me in a fucking sphere full of madness. Yet I like it ..
The boy on Wednesday at Hangar 22 asked me for the number! You were wearing a green t-shirt ... and you were dancing very well. Thinking about it, I realized I gave you the wrong number and I'm looking for you everywhere.
Under a girl in the company of a boy at the cafeteria Oberdan today 17, I would like to describe you but I do not know how. I've never seen a girl more beautiful than you
There are two things that I ask myself: .. 1. Who shoves with ads to look for a partner, in the end succeeds in his intent? .2. Those who comment on the above ads, especially with sockets for the c ** or, do they actually with the intent veiled or not to be contacted then? .. Explain!
by Pablo Neruda: .. Slowly dies.University in session
In the morning I buy the whole wheat bread with the seeds to start the diet, the afternoon I eat it with mortadella
I wonder if those people who put I like the ads of "I'm looking for boys / e and bla bla bla" do it for farce or if they are really convinced that they want to make acquaintance with who wrote .. In the second case, well, I find it very sad.
I was looking for a girl with the "croceroxin" syndrome. I'm a boy ... Anyone who is interested puts a "like" to this post.
even if you come out from the classic you are not good either in Italian or in math, and analysis is still a mirage ahah
I'm a simple girl. When I no longer love my boyfriend I keep being with him for at least another six months, so I can work out the end of the story by continuing to have him next to him.
Lovers of poetry, reading and dreams .. You are not alone
The red-haired boy I saw this morning (16/12) in the study room of via Simili (Italy horizon). I would like to have a chat with you. You look like an interesting boy. If you are reading, leave a like.
But can I believe that no one, really, none of the 130 souls that we are in my faculty can help me with an exam? I state that I have simply asked the questions that most frequently the prof do in the exam ... I asked too much perhaps?
But only I am proud to go to university?
Spend the delicate outfit of my roommate, in an elegant dressing gown from Saturday night home green color, which incorporates a little 'style of play boy the mansion, to give you a moment of intimacy and wish you happy holidays !!!
A boy who was on the private Wednesday in the hangar 22. A blonde, light eyes, wide shoulders and a gray sweater. You're really cute 🙂
Hi guys, like every year the question is always one. WHAT DOES YOU HAVE A NEW YEAR?!?!?! Here, I do not know. Does anyone know about FESTINI deprived with predominantly alcoholic people? 🤮
I've been in Catania for more than a year to study and my problem is this ... Possible that in the upper area of ​​via etnea there is not a bar / bakery that makes decent rotisserie ... I've tried several if you have suggestions are welcome #signleokmanonsenzapizzetta
Hi, I would like to meet a girl with whom to eat the Seven Big Sandwich and beat the current record. On the one hand I hope you leave it so I can also eat his .. If you are interested in the like or comment, you will be contacted. No Vegane thanks
I saw a guy's post, where he was looking for women. Well I will do the same thing but less unlucky. Put little heart in this post and you will be contacted for just university interchange
I was wondering if there was any place in the area nearby and where you can listen to live music, like rock or jazz, and since my friends do not like jazz, I was wondering if anyone would be interested in going there
It was Monday 4 December in the math library, we chatted while I was studying analysis 3 and you operating systems. You told me to call you F and to do computer engineering, you have green eyes, but I have not seen you in the library! If you recognize yourself, write (:
Does anyone know open classrooms on Saturday afternoons? (To the citadel)
#startup
All those poor people who every morning, taking the escalators of the subway, have to deal with those who permanently occupy the "overtaking" lane ... you have my solidarity ... P. S. To the guilty I say: who splits costs you to mittirivi right?
I saw you on friday afternoon (about 6.30 pm) near the big Christmas tree in Piazza Universita! You wore a green jacket, dark trousers and you had short curly hair! A friend of yours called you Rita, if you recognize you leave a like!
Disney buys C ++. Professors will no longer be able to call the "Goofy" variables.
Comment with what you think should be written on the cards of the Baci Perugina, as did C.R, and we will publish your ticket
Spotted Unict, the largest community of university students in Catania, has created this group to allow, in the first person and with maximum speed, to publish ads to buy / sell books and show them to thousands of people..https: // www. facebook.com/groups/SpottedUnict.ComproVendoLibri/
The girl in a green sweater was in the "Vincenzo Bellini" municipal library this morning. If you recognize yourself, put a like
It is true love when to study with her a boring subject of which you do not understand a shit give up the game of your favorite team. You are fantastic.
The girl who the other party last night was at the party. You danced near an exit, you had a little tatoo on your arm, you were with two boys and three girls, one of them burned me with a cigarette. You have wonderful eyes and I would like to know what your name is.
Hello everyone, I'm a girl and I would like to learn how to skateboard. Advice on the first skate to buy? Places to train in Catania and surroundings?
All 10-year-old unict students who had to go to class and live university without a smartphone!
Spott all those looking for love on spotted. Better cfu, definitely!
I try. I am looking for the boy with the beard, who wed my arm with my drink on Wednesday night at the Hangar, and who instead of pissed off told me smiling "you should keep her taller". I looked for you but I did not see you again. Palesati, I want to apologize. 😂
Dolce stil novo at the Benedictine Monastery
I hope someone knows this phantom singer. I accept advice on other artists like you to listen to 🙂 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-y5YsOhmxts
Looking for someone to give statistical repetition. Those interested are commenting on the post and will be contacted.
Department of Mathematics and Informatics, Room 128..But a boy with a pigtail that today, December 15th at 10:30 am was doing a written exam. He was sitting in the front row, in the leftmost place, and he was dressed in burgundy. . Leave a like, I would like to offer you a coffee :)
If some girl wants to keep me company, leave a like that contact! 🙂
girl who was looking for the BARLETTA stop! You climbed the brt where there was the controller, I do not know where the stop is .. but I know I would like to contact you .. !! leave a like
The girl who acted as a test assistant in the course of Mathematics Discrete at the DMI has died. You are a charming woman, you have a lot of class, you are beautiful 😍
AAA SPOTTO ALL COLOR WHO ARE IN THE PROCESS OF WRITING A THESIS advice on the choice of topics to be treated sources of research and all that you want to post posted thanks
girl with black hair and sunglasses, that the morning of Wednesday 13 to 10:30, you stopped me to ask for directions by the light, know that you're really pretty .. I hope my indication was right.
Spotto Spotted Unict 🤪 because it did not exist when I was in university and I can not "sign up" 😭😡🤣
Hello! Someone who goes to Rkomi's live tomorrow? I'm probably alone and I'm looking for company!
Study rooms open Saturday afternoon and tomorrow?
I would like to ask A. G. second year of languages ​​(I know you are Russian) what is your favorite Linkin Park? My "leave out all the rest" 😉
Spino the blond boy with the green sweatshirt that this morning was in the classroom study at the monastery: you're very cute!
Wanted boys and girls lovers of art and museums to take advantage of the night of the museums on Saturday 16 and go and visit someone together 😊
Is there a library of the Faculty of Motor Sciences? If so, where is it?
I prayed not to see you again, or sooner or later I will give it to you. Reduce sleepless nights ... Like when I did after.Otemtemperos now to my duties. I should study .... Start tonight ... Or not?
UNICT. Good boys, give me at least 3 good reasons to enroll in Modern Literature in Catania, thank you!
Those who look at me every morning look as if I came from the North Pole. Carusi if I bring the heavy jacket is because in the Etna countries the morning is cold, and macari very, not because I'm stupid!
We must be optimistic, always see the positive side, the glass half full. When, from any off-campus students, live in a typical house with no radiator, take advantage of it: make the dry sausage
DIRECT FROM VIAGRANDE (CT) .. When the firemen tell you that the car, not having insurance, can not stay on the road, instead of insurance, put the car on the balcony
Requirements for my soul mate: .- You do not have to shake me m ***** a
Every reference to the Disum is purely coincidental
Catania and its houses for students rather singular ...
VILLA CERAMI THIRD FLOOR ehi you bearded boy with blue eyes that this afternoon you were leaning on the bench of the study room .. I'm lost in your eyes .. if you recognize you see you tomorrow in the study room 🤗
Day 13 of December a girl (pretty enough), lent me a pen (classroom study Oberdan) .. At 19-00 we had to see for the restitution of the same. To repay (most importantly) I would have offered a coffee .. If you recognize yourself, put a like
Tuesday, 7:40 am waiting for the shuttle, the same day we met again in the metro stop Milo up to stesicoro, blue eyes blue hair. show yourself
DMI AND SURROUNDINGS Pt2
The boy with the red sweater that last night was at the Bazinga to celebrate the birthday of his friend ... the meantime, you filled a room and we did not hear anything anymore, but you were so nice with your girlfriend that I was envious of her. .Why are the good ones all busy?
Spit the girl who was there last night at a birthday at the bazinga. High, black skirt. If you are here, leave a like
Spite boy who today around 17:30 was in front of the classrooms A dei Benedettini, above the small round rise. He tried to illustrate to the whole world what he had studied. I wish you to take 30 !!! 😂
Spotto you, that this morning you put makeup in the car on the third shelf of the parking lot to the Citadel, I hope our looks can cross again.
How to snub the povery
https://www.facebook.com/groups/SpottedUnict.OggettiSmarritiRitrovati/permalink/133301310676067/
Hi everyone, I'm a girl. I would love to go to the Caparezza concert to be held in Acireale on February 16th. Would any of you (possibly self-driving) who like Caparezza would be interested in coming with me? 🙂
To the girl with blond hair and blue eyes that I met on December 13 at the Ersu office in via Verona for the canteen card, we meet again either Tuesday at 13:30 at the citadel's cafeteria or Wednesday same time, but at the cafeteria of Oberdan. You owe me a favor 😌
Hello, I saw a guy with reddish / orange hair at the table in via vittorio emanuele that intrigued me. I'd like to meet him. Go ahead
https://www.facebook.com/groups/SpottedUnict.OggettiSmarritiRitrovati/permalink/133301310676067/
Hi everyone, I'm a girl. I would love to go to the Caparezza concert to be held in Acireale on February 16th. Would any of you (possibly self-driving) who like Caparezza would be interested in coming with me? 🙂
When there is a circus in the city and instead of seeing people walking with the dog, you see people walking the camel
At Christmas, you can study what you have never studied: resume reading, ... go on underlining, .retting that time of study. That you were chasing each other so much ... Let's get on and enjoy the holidays.
To hurt the person you love, after all, is only masochism. It's a way to hurt yourself.
Who comes to see star wars?
I'll be bitch, but I miss you
When you are 23 years old, just a little shaggy beard and you already feel like giving her, call LORD and then you feel the weight of your years on your back, you tend to say oplà when you sit down, come home before 10pm and claim the retirement before graduating.
Anyone who has the car to go see Star Wars at the Planet. We are two students of philosophy ("and we are not even ugly"). Pls. We will pay you the petrol in imperial credits!
Get another sober outfit from another roommate in an exam session!
Hello I am a first year student and I have this problem: in my channel there is a girl that I like a lot, but I am a shy boy I do not know how to behave .. Any advice?
Do you recommend a place to lunch quickly and cheaply in Catania that is open until 16?
All those who earn less than Donnarumma feel stressed by life
Dedicated to all colleagues of SP.
Hello everyone! I would like to ask you for advice: do you know good tattooists area ct? I did a tattoo a few years ago but I would like to do it again because it is too faded. Thanks for any advice.
I look for room in the citadel area for 150 euros, man..Pls help me
Spotted wild boar around the city. Now the university wednesday is frequented by everyone ...
Given that many people wonder who the two geniuses wrote the letter to Santa Claus, we give you a clue ... we are freshmen, respectively of electronic engineering and industrial chemistry ... If you want other clues, leave a like
My economics professor is waiting for the day before the test in progress to publish the slides. Damn you and your useless assistant.
After so many years since I met you, I have to say that "Slib" is beautiful. You'll probably always be an unattainable star, but at least now you've been spilled. Smile, you're wonderful!
DMI AND SURROUNDINGS ... Many will understand it!
Spotto myself I'm the only bastard who still believes in gallantry because, for example, in the metro, when I see a girl (like yesterday afternoon) or a / a gentleman looking for a place, I get up with the excuse (not true ) to have to get off at the next stop, giving up my seat.
To the Thomas who forgot his chemistry notebook in the IC, I left it in the DICAR guardhouse this morning!
Spit all the girls with a busty breasts 😍. You drive me crazy every time I look at you 😍😍 .Thanks of existing❤️
From a former engineering student 😩
I had no outlets, you did not have eyes.
The boys and girls that I met today in the space - time gap created at Feltrinelli are very different! In the end we managed to come out of the interminable row for Zerocalcare 💪 were very nice, I hope to beating you again
Casa nellykelly
blond girls, and with glasses are the nicest. Above all what I saw today: 13-20 hours at the OBERDAN table.
But exactly in what sense? 🤔 "Romantic" messages in classroom D in Roccaromana 🙄
I thank the 'person' who today stole my scarf (of value) at the pole of Roccaromana. It would be enough to have a shred of conscience to bring it back, at least, to the collaborators.
Sorry for the off topic: What do you think of the fuckers? And if favorable, how often should you meet to avoid ruining everything?
A.A.A looked for girls who would like to see Star Wars EP.8 day 13 or this week
Look today at the Citadel. In my opinion, there are two former students who, unable to pass an exam, turned to the gentleman
When your last hope is Santa Claus
The girl I met at the ERSU office is down! You have eyes that speak !!
Law students, let's make a petition for toilet paper in via Roccaromana !! There is never!
The dark-haired girl with glasses and with whom I had a pleasant game of looks yesterday to the Benedictines has fallen out; it was almost 16, you were close to the main entrance and I was leaving ... if you recognize yourself put a like! 🙂
Has anyone lost them?
Hello everyone! I write for information, there are study classrooms equipped with wi-fi at the university city? And if so what are they and what is the procedure to access the service? Thank you!:-)
Yesterday around 19 on the brt we exchanged two words ... we went down to the same stop but we did not show up ... Be alive!
I would really like to know a natural redhead. Step forward! 🙂
It is my business and my ability to cook beautifully and healthily. Too bad that there is never anyone here with me to share meals
Do you know any market that sells used books? In case it exists, someone who wants to go?
I'm looking for a house to rent for the night and New Year's Eve, possibly a single house
Spotto: Still life. Peel on bench. Room A2, Benedictine Monastery. Unknown author, 2017 ... Whoever you are, thank you for having rejoiced the Spanish literature lesson to me and my colleagues
A couple is down, even if I do not think it's just ... Just fuck at the student lab
Spotto myself..I have more stuff to give than feelings.
Spit by the fake red hair that you frequent engineering, what do you say you are the pr of an evening, to previnder how are you putting? I received a voice that gives a tribute, what is it?
But mature guys who like art in general, who do not snobby theater, ballet or art exhibitions labeling them as "gay things", do they exist? . If you are out there somewhere, show yourself to the world and maybe even have a chat!
Hello everyone I would like to know polite series girls where I can look for are from Catania 🙂
The professor C.E. who moves the exam for 2 days for problems that do not depend on him. These here are 2 days that will make me take more than 20! Thank you so much.
The blond girl looks like a girl. I always see you at the canteen of the Citadel and I always have to look at you. If I were not happily engaged, I would try because you're too my type.
I would just like to disappear in a hug
My university life in short ..... Full of joys
My Christmas tree 😂
All those who lie in the face of evidence are on the move. . All we have had to do at least once in a lifetime. What were your experiences? And how did you behave in front of these subjects?
I quit university and start playing poker
Spino those great geniuses of the citadel that this morning have left closed the gate that on the ring for students who arrive with the BRT or Metro Shuttle..Thanks! You have sent many saints down from heaven!
Helping someone to pass an exam especially difficult for me is a pleasure. I do not pretend coffee or dinner, but do not receive even a simple Thank you is a sign of rudeness!
Someone has to recommend some evening / event for new year's eve?
Tennessee Williams wrote: when so many in the world are really alone, it would be unpardonably selfish to be alone, alone
"With love from the Department of Pharmacy"
It is up to you that today you got off the metro at the Milo stop and on your way you said to your colleague "I study engineering because when the time comes I want to be the old man who understands more about the construction sites".
However carusi I was thinking that I have more exams than feelings
Try to get it shortened!
My desire to study is overwhelming. The last time we met, I was in a hurry and I had to let you go. If you recognize yourself like, I need you.
All those who never recover the rest at the machines of the department of mathematics and computer science are driven. Thanks so much, you can not imagine how many coffees you have already offered me
I spit myself that even at 22 I watch Tom and Jerry, arm wrestling and the two fanta parents. How I enjoy it!
From today, new mood. Brainwashing 😉 Always carry it with you and in front of you! Also in the bathroom.
S.B., I admit I deserved it. Betraying, as you said, or deluding someone is not beautiful. But I swear to you I was not in bad faith. You had intrigued me and I did not know how to contact you .. Give me an opportunity to make me forgive ...
The most studied pastry chef in the world and my graduation cake
I'm looking for nice people to go and listen to the Veivecura Saturday 16
Someone who was in London, what area would you recommend to look for a hotel that is close to the subway but also to the discos? And maybe it's not a dump .... Ahaha, thank you!
We want to launch this fashion also to Ct? 😀
Your name is E. You are in the first year of nursing, we talked and we found each other. If you recognize yourself, put a "like"
S.C. medicine IV year I continue to lose in your ...
My grandmother on Sunday, without a pan of lasagna to be frozen (because you never know, put that I do not have time to cook) in Catania does not make me come back
No matter how late you are, city buses will be more and more late for you
When the person you called "best friend" is fucked by who you are and comes out in the open with your ex. Heavy eh?
M. V. of Political Sciences I fell in love with your smile and your look ♥ ️ I can not think of anything else but you.
Coez - The ticket is not there. "And I'm sorry if I do not talk enough but I have a gig that jumps in my stomach"
Ou all looking for girls, now I also put myself: I am looking for a girl who goes by motorcycle and that I do not shake the m ***** if every Sunday I'm around, even if it possibly comes with me, maybe even with his bike, leave a like and I will contact you immediately
I want to fall in love c *** o. It never happens
Is there anybody from Catania who listens to groups like: Radiohead, Sigur ròs, The xx and the like? I am a girl and I would like to share my musical tastes with someone 😀
All to take it out on social networks, leaving aside the fact that people were stupid even before, only that they knew only in the family.
My colleague is off, why? He has a jacket so beautiful that even the boys want it!
The light brown-haired girl, the black sweater and the glasses that was on the citadel's table last night ... last week we met in the study room (the one above the city's cafeteria) but I could not stop you. like
But what problems do the guys display and do not respond and if you ask gently and with a playful jest if they are ignoring you (which I do only the first time) they say: "I'm not always on the phone". I am counting on you if I do not answer immediately ".. Really, you are doing wrong.
The days pass, pass, pass. And you do not come back here ..
My friends are infamous Sith without any ambition to awaken the Force. That's why I'm looking for some surviving Jedi to help me on the day of December 13th: see the eighth episode of Star Wars at the cinema. Who is with me?
It's really heartbreaking to worry, to give attention to someone who cares about you highly ...
I would like to say something to the boy who claims that Frida Khalo has become famous only because "not beautiful": resigned you will never be at her level of genius. 🤗
We took the circumetnea at 4:42 pm, Tuesday, December 5th. During the journey you asked me about the stops and then you went down to Paternò. I thought of you and your eyes 😌
The girl who at the Back To The 90's night did not know a song and tried to use Shazam (without success). You were leaning on the pillar and you were with your friend. I know the title of the song, if you like it I'll tell you 😀
Gift used day 8 of Coez concert to share it with sixteen-year-olds
Spotted Unict, the largest community of university students in Catania, has created this group to allow, in the first person and with maximum speed, to publish ads to buy / sell books and show them to thousands of people..https: // www. facebook.com/groups/SpottedUnict.ComproVendoLibri/
The song of the university students next to the session
Spotto that great man or great lady who yesterday parked in a well-known shopping center so as to occupy the second row is a place reserved for the disabled and a pink seat, reserved for women only. Whoever you are, surely you will have among your noble titles that of "Emeritus T.D.M"
People of spotted, I ask you a question: is it right to talk about a behavior that has hurt us to a person who has shown us indifference, not returning our feelings of love or friendship? Or better to be silent and pretend nothing?
Will I see you on Monday at the DMI in the library? .Let's hope so...
Dear Meatloaf, with the euro I lent you I suggest you go buy yourself the dignity and a couple of attributes, that you need.
Hello people, our group is happy to welcome new members. We welcome friendly people, who want to go out to drink together / go to rock evenings .... https: //chat.whatsapp.com/39OgqwlcRDe20iPrLq9U22
I look for three tickets for coez, indifferent the day!
When I give Sociology with Bennato, I will get drunk for a semester in a row (including mornings and afternoons).
The plasterboard of the biological tower must be of a high quality, to be so expensive
https://youtu.be/v6Lt8s4utYQ
I need tickets for coez I'm desperate
What do I miss doing?
Find the intruder
To get ready for the session I set an alarm clock that every 10 minutes with Bonolis that says "but what does it do not cincischi !!!!" and with this image as a screen
And if I told you that I'm a girl, I love football and I love fifa, some single guy who instead of romantic dinners would prefer fifa tournaments there?
You broke a 3/4 banana with Frida Kahlo 's trans
Hi, I sell 2 tickets for Coez day 9 .. I'm from Giarre and I have no chance to move.
Aspect Bono and The Edge singing at the Monte Po stop.
Hi, I get tickets for Coez day 9. I'm from Giarre and I have no way to move.
Hello to all. I would like to create a telegram group for people like me who suffer from loneliness or have few friends. The group is as follows: https: //t.me/joinchat/GB_C4Q_GRTgj2xepQFgXOA
Kung fu courses in Catania? Some advice?
Spit my roommate .... and nothing the photo is commented by itself .. Too many emails lately.
This year at the top of the Christmas tree I will put my selfie..Because the only star here is me.
In the name of many women ... Put lots of announcements for musicians, athletes, etc. Now let's move on to formal things: TRUSTED WANTED
Hello! I look for a concert ticket for the Coez on Friday 8 or Saturday 9 .. comment that I contact you 🙂
Who wants to study mechanics applied to machines with me? I have the exam in January at the UNIPI but for this month I am in Catania. It could be a good idea to compare our study programs and expand our knowledge
My ex comes to the University of Catania. I greet the legendary that today he kissed his dear and mythical ex not thinking of his girlfriend who was thinking for him and not thinking that I would get there to see their pictures. Hello mythical, a kiss. I know you'll read sooner or later.
Spottiamo te, G.D.M. that day 5 December you graduated in Economics ... are you engaged? Your new fans.
I sell a concert ticket for Coez in the day 7 .. Leave a message for private information.
All those who like me do not have the courage to poop in the university bathrooms.
Would you like to close the exams and start the Christmas holidays in beauty, going to dance, and organize the university party day 21, just because the 22 there are those who like me will have the exam 😭😭😭 the bad luck! # unatristeuniversitaria #maiunagioia
I'm from Palermo but I would like to live in Catania! My boyfriend is from Catania and I, thanks to him, started to frequent and get to know the city better. How much I like it 💖 I send CV every day and if they contact me I'll transfer tomorrow! Help me 😂
My roommate DLR is busy because we have found that nobody is shitting. I love you
When the only bed suitable for your tenant is a vintage crib.
Roccaromana. .High, curly and bearded, dressed in black and fascinatingly asocial, come out your name!
Leave a review by clicking on the link below :) For us your opinion is very important, we will take the opportunity to improve again ... https: //www.facebook.com/pg/thespottedunictpage/reviews/? Ref = page_internal
My roommates are busy, big toxic alcoholics, to tell them that I love them and that I would never end this experience. I love you so much, enjoy this unexpected gesture! ❤
Congratulations to the building of engineering education on the ground floor, where for months and months the humidity is eating live the ceiling of the study area ...
Yesterday evening on the subway to go up I saw a beautiful girl.I saw the bra (it was red) low-cut shirt.Unfortunately I forgot what it was called and if it was engaged
When you win the scholarship and the first installment comes after the Black Friday #maiunagioia
Like the law of gravity, karma is so fundamental that we often do not notice it.
I do not know anything about many things. But I know one thing: anyone wants more CFU than he has.
Finally the most exciting moment of the day has arrived: to sleep
I see high schoolers worried about not being able to enter university. And to think that I can not get out of it
hello guys, do you know any microbiological site where inserting the name of the bacterial species explains the characteristics of that bacterium, but especially on which soil is more isolated and what are the characteristics of the colony in culture?
Application for attending the faculty of biological sciences: what is it like to do a faculty you do not like, knowing you have not entered medicine?
We found a white iPhone 5 or 5s in the bathroom of Villa Cerami. We are in the study room on the ground floor of Villa Cerami (the one with the windows)
We do not have the excuse of the world championship, in June we have to STUDY
Hello everyone! Is there any librophile who can tell me if in Catania there are shops or fairs where you can buy and sell used books? (I mean fiction, not university books). Thanks! 😊
The breakfast of those who want to be the protagonist: chives and cutted olives
Street art in Catania
Brave Unict students who, despite the bad weather, you have ventured to go to class, become a photojournalist for a day and send us your testimonies of life to the limit to show everyone what nature can!
I am looking for a guitarist and a male voice to perform covers. . If it were 2 in 1, even more assaione is better. 😬😬😬😬
Off the wifi unict. You're too slow and I can not download the episodes of strager things..Ps I do not have wifi at home, at least you help me
Assumption to start a relationship.Here to you: you and I are not much ... so you want to get together?
AM27 Graphics created this beautiful profile picture for us. Thank you! 😀
Hi, I would like to create a group of only girls who want to make new friends and want to go out. I'm looking for nice people, not gossipy and who "welcome" to share from home movies, to the aperitif outside. Put me like 😊
The fair of Catania capital of fashion
But heaven is a clever lie
Only in Political Sciences
Tomorrow morning he can withdraw it 😂
The most beautiful and complicated thing in all this is pissing with one hand and writing with the other, and all this in the dark ... Poets with superpowers in that of political science !!!
Only in Catania we have a subway overlooking the sea ❤️
I see you every day ... we pretend nothing ... yet for me it was not just a night and away .. but you do not know! Are not you made for ties? that huge stupid ... you said it .. you're fine with me .. try it does not cost anything!
Hi, I'm a girl looking for a house in Ortigia. I would need it for a year, for two people. I am a student of the INDA. Does anyone know who could rent it? Thanks so much
... Do you know what I miss most of all? Eat your fries and porcose with you .... Those with the garlic sauce from Seven were our favorites! Remember? .... 🍟🍟🍟🍟🍟🍟🍟🍟🍟
Sunset seen from Etna ❤️
Sometimes when I see children playing hide-and-seek or other games I feel like playing too, does it happen to you or is it the university that's driving me crazy?
I saw you Tuesday evening (about 7.30 pm) in the bus 536 and you went down Via Etnea alta (with a curly-haired friend)! You had dark brown hair and wore Bordeaux trousers, black jacket and black backpack at the back! a like! :)
Girl with the red t-shirt and black leggings that yesterday 16 October you were in the gym at the city wellness catania via cifali .... but how cute you are
Via plebiscite ❤️
Tiè, ammuccativi is beautiful cake with chocolate custard. 😉 (In response to the culinary posts) hahaha
Current mode
Hello everyone, I am a freshman and therefore not so much experienced in the university world. I would like to know where I have to look (in which site, page or similar) to understand when they start classes in physical education and lesson times. Thanks to anyone he will answer me
92 minutes of applause for the dirty, noisy roommates who bring the boyfriends home
I'm sure that in a few days some of you will spend half a day in the kitchen doing crazy things just to put the photos on spotted and feel more chefs than everyone else. And the next day he will come back to eating canned tuna, since the ego is not edible.
Hello everyone we have created a whatsapp group to get to know each other and talk about this and that, we organize an evening gathering in Catania every week on Friday night and occasionally for other events in the city, if you are interested we will leave the chat link for message, to soon 🙂
In response to all the Masterchef of the Unict. You can accompany only.
Spotti girl seen today on the BRT at 16:00 directed to the two obelisks, wearing a white T-shirt and a beige skirt, you were sitting in front of me and we exchanged a few glances if you recognize yourself in this description put a LIKE
Neapolitan karaoke methods in full session do we have?
THE SONG OF THE UNIVERSITY!
Live from Paternò
To all those who are busy with the tests these days
The only way to be misled is to pose this way
"Hello everyone there would be some photographer / a, aspiring or amateur, who would need a model for a shooting? Collaboration free on both sides .. comment 🙂"
There is a place not too crowded in Catania where you can stay at the beach in the evening with a towel to watch the stars or eat a pizza?
Hello everyone, I'm looking for people who are good with digital design and who want to form a community where they can share or exchange tips and more 😊 Write a comment and I will contact you. People who know how to model in 3D are also welcome.
The professor retires at the end of this academic year, and also adheres to the strike. If you can not pass the subject in the only appeal available in September, can you take the exam with another professor who has taken the same course during the same year?
I say but it is normal that you always have people ready to take pictures taking the right moments and the right positions, while I have the only moment of glory I quannu ncagghiu the speed camera ?! (Quote)
Someone who is from Aci Bonaccorsi explains how to get there from Catania by public transport?
Someone is enrolled in the DEI Corporate Finance course? I would like to have some clarifications. Thanks so much!
the September exams I give them in January
Hi, could you recommend some restaurant / pizzeria on the sea in acicastello area or where to go to dinner? A nice but cheap place to go for two, thank you
Hi all boys. We are a group of boys and girls who want to enjoy the summer to the full and meet new people and why not organize evenings of fun and carefree. If you are accollative and interested, leave a like and we will contact you 😃
I understood that when you drink, you become sincere
Dear V. S. You do not comment assiduously but when you do it I always think one thing: YOUR MOTHER HAS TO ABORTIRE. It's useless to be cool with the graduate profile picture
I have a problem with a friend of mine: I often ask for advice on what to do, I give mine and promptly emails about everything I say, my opinions, my advice on what to eat or what to do, places that I like and that I recommend to visit and so on .. Why?
Catania, yesterday about twelve o'clock I was walking in Viale Africa, tall chimneys and he on a bike with a friend, he went in the opposite direction. She had a fluo yellow shirt, short black hair, her dark knit friend. He will never read, but I try
How do you say "Sucati un pruno" in Latin?
Hi, I turn to graduates in Sc.motorie, I do not know what to do after graduation (I'm already a graduate). Which road did you choose?
If you give me all your BMW, your designer clothes and your beautiful pool overlooking the sea, trust me that even I can take 500 I like the photos, web influencer of sto c *** o
Is it possible that nobody talks about it? Do not you think it's time to secure that passage? It was just a matter of time! So many times I risked investing me because motorists do not stop ...
the session is over
Me and the September session
Should a girl be ashamed of being a virgin for almost 25 years?
For all those cerebrolesi! 😂
CAUTION
Prefer the "how" to "why" ...
I lost a pandora bracelet recently, by chance has three pendants?
Romantic looking girl for the concert of Thegiornalists.
Creation of pre-eighteenth video in progress yesterday at each one
I would like to tell the owner of the car in a photo that is a huge asshole without the slightest respect for his colleagues at the university. I guess your ego is really disproportionate to park a car where there are two.
Current situation
Hello I have a question to ask, if someone of you has had direct experience ... the question is you recommend or advised against staying in the house of the student? 😜
I do not know who took the picture, nor where it was taken. I only know that anyone who has been making herring-flavored ice cream has to go to hell
But are the preliminaries really so important? 😋
I LOOK HELP: Hello everyone I do computer engineering and I'm in the first year, in a few days I have written exam of physics 1, if someone can "HELP me" that morning like and will be contacted! Thank you!
Contact me!
Hello everyone I wanted to know if the salanitro professor will make the extension of July 20 of private law, because I checked the reservation and tells me convocation on June 28
I thank you for making you dream, even for an hour, a boy who had stopped hoping for lightning. It does not matter if you vanished, we would not see each other again. What matters is that a stranger has changed the day, and why not, the vision of love.
But what do vegans / vegetarians know about university life !!
I hate you with all my heart.
Remember to check the folder other messages where you will find the link to access the group whatsapp and already that we have renewed the announcement, comment or put I like to receive the link
Waiter blond de Al alley who lied to me that the pesto was fresh or packaged illusion
Whoever you are today you have made me the best day!. With a lot of love
Hello, I sell tickets for the concert of The Journalists in Catania on August 4th at 20 euros. Contact i like 🙂
I at the end of the session
The woman must be celebrated every day. How would we do without the female world? For you university students, a nice bunch of mimosas ... # NonFioriMaCFU.❤
Hello! If some girl wants to taste a piece of these cakes and in the meantime to chat, leave a like that the contact! I'm a boy! :)
To the animal that wed a puppy in wednesday and alone in the car while he was at the sheds to dance: DO HIGHLY SCHIFO! You are simply a complaint!
To the usual Spotted commentators I ask: aviti u sbaddu? .A your fan, spacinnatu like you
I tried to start over several times but I'm not succeeding so as to arrive at an easy solution to find a friend in order to unsubscribe from the various dating app!
Reach me to the sea. Help me do things I do not believe in. I swear I have not dreamed of living in a sand castle.
The really bad thing is when you look into the eyes of the girl you love and she says she does not love you anymore.
Put a Like and I will contact you !!! 😬
After reading all these comments against animal violence these days, I almost felt guilty about killing this cockroach when I got out of the shower. Almost, eh.
Hello everyone ... there is some pious soul that can fix the dreads?
I met Chiara a Ct, she says hello!
For the band that was looking for the neomelodico I apply myself
Some loves do not end, they make immense puttantour and then come back ...
Raga .. Buongiornissimo !!! From today, stalking a girl will no longer be a crime !! It is only enough to pay a fine !! Do you like that girl and did not have the courage to tow it for fear of a complaint? From today you will not have to worry anymore 😀😁😁
I miss you .. I do not see you since January. Who knows how are you, who are you with ..
Nursing: And while the prefabricated 14 at the hospital was a psychiatrist's lesson, a flock of goats crossed the driveway. Will they be hallucinations? This time I really do not know!
P.M. nursing, this draft does not do you justice but you have enchanted me ..
One thing is certain: Kore does not teach a sense of humor
I would like to share with all the colleagues of Agraria that in reality Robertino is none other than Mr. Crocker of the Fanta Parents, even the voice is the same!
The woman is stupid
Goodnight gives you 💋
description: fucking pig
holidays in Ibbizza is for boys, use a conditioner as a table is for students in crisis #cercandoilfrescoadagraria
With a style of motorcycle so it takes a style of parking like that, it can only accompany 🏍😂
When you wait for the results to be published for a long time ..
PIAZZA EUROPA SOLARIUM. Why continue to swim in a pseudo "sewer" despite the BATHING PROHIBITION? 😶
Hi guys, I wanted to share with you a chat between two physics boys of the first, in which one of the two flab out a pearl of wisdom
Spottiamo the genius who put the vodka instead of the bottle 😂
Men who eat the biscuit at the sea. "
That no one tries to deny!
To whom goes a bit of Polish, minimalist brick, of a suicidal writer who died very young ... just you and me ?!
my holidays this year
You Romeo facing the balcony during the gaypride .. show
On the notes of Vasco .. I looked inside a session. And I saw in it confusion. And I understood why you can not do eeeeeh. And that's okay ... without Cfu!
Ok spotta the girl who has previously spilled, now it is made manifest. You know who I am and I want to know you, if you exist send me a message.
In reference to the "scandal" of the sandwich without copyright, Uncle Frank answers ... Many greetings from the "fake globetrotter" as well as "thief of photos of sandwiches" to the anonymous gentleman in yellow! 😘
Bar of the citadel: Arancino pitiful.
UNICT .. "Apparently the goats are not just among the stalls .."
Part 2 - Naples. What job? That of stealing photos from the internet to share them as their own and pretend to be globetrotter?
Faculty of Pharmacy forever in the heart
To you, girl with short brown hair with fringe on the right, wearing a white T-shirt under a light blue denim shirt and you're always in the classroom at DMI ... I tried to tell you that I've blown you 👍
Artistic engineers at DMI
In the meantime, the DMI sits down like that
Many people are looking for you but nobody finds you ... always present, black backpack with studs, sunglasses and carpette. Aspiring engineer, revealed! P.Š. We accept suggestions! 😜
Looking for a boy with a black shirt and camouflage Bermuda spotted on Thursday at CUS at the end of the evening!
Remedy for the heat..When your talent, far exceeds your ambition! 🌞❄⛄😂😆
No matter how dissatisfied you are of your physical appearance, there is always someone ready to make you feel BEAUTIFUL
You only live once! .. Wrong, you live every day, once you die!
Now you can only study by force of the worst sugars and fats
Thus, to restore order
Thank you for existing Tovanniiiii !!
To read to the rhythm of Maria Salvador
And in the meantime to physics ..... after the popular riots of yesterday, it's still ours !! =)
mbare half a pizza you left, you sbagghiata.
Catania never ceases to amaze us !!
A few days ago a teaching, a clear example of hygiene 😨
"Let's learn from the children", "Children know what they want", "Children know how to dream", etc.Let the pounds and all of them in ammari!
Tonight you tow with nonchalance
Next carusi everyone accussed or next exam!
#manonvaffruntate?
My beach holidays this year
Bathroom of the DMI, we wait for nature to resume its spaces?
It's strange to think that the best part of the day is when two girls give me a can of tuna
Pearls of wisdom in the library at DEI
ERASMUS..Ragazzi, I'm in the second year and I'm undecided about whether or not to do the Erasmus next year, especially in the second semester. I wanted to have clarification. Does the degree thesis have to be done abroad? . Is it not advisable to do Erasmus in the second semester?
Good afternoon spotted .... I give you this creative pearl from the engineering department. Here's what happens when the wifi does not work for a whole day.
THE WORLD MUST KNOW
When at the university already at 8.10 the work to be done is finished and it is back to the old times
Mensa Oberdan: in the baked chicken there was so much salt that we made it available to others in the condiment stand
Sighted parking attendant with T-shirt of the #FurieRosse of Medicina..Manyone will have paid with the barter
When you decide to start the summer session after a year of mixed misfit, but greater forces prevent you from doing so.
The title of mister palio is only his. Grande Vit 🎉😂
If meritocracy in Italy works, the title of Mister Palio d'Ateneo should have won you.
Sighted Rosita to the citadel 😂😂😂
Blonde girl with a prosperous breast who come to study in the evening at the Crucifix of the Miracles in a noisy classroom. Do the miracle, WASHED!
Hope lives in the soul of those who feed it. It is utterly useless to stubbornly understand a blurred reality. The courage and the desire to change lies in the hearts outside.
Wednesday, June 7, silent studio classroom, science building, you were dressed in black and studs mrdicina .. Know that you made a shot
Here is a pearl of wisdom (ignorance) from an almost "engineer".
Go further. That the physical does not last forever beautiful and firm, the heart is
Yesterday I forgot an Asus magazine in the silent Economy study room, did anyone take it?
Situation at the Biological Tower ... Ready for the summer session
When even the station panel has a better mood than yours ...
Coldplay ticket exchange with one for Amor Fou. No time wasters. Yes, plaid.
would you recommend a hairdresser in via etnea or via san giuliano?
I am increasingly aware of how today's mothers have stopped using spoonfuls.
When you have an Arab coiquilino at home and the summer session is approaching! . (Do not pay attention to the rumors)
In the meantime, someone fucks money. Good guys!
Block the bus in the middle of the road because the cart must go up .... # SOLOACT
But who were those guys running around with the Spanish flag screaming Juve shit 😂😂
Let's play a game: take your smartphone, open your playlist on spotify or your music folder and put random play. Post below the first 3/5 songs that come out. Let's see what the average university attends.
Living with me. You're right. You're not that simple. It's never been for me. I thought it more than you, it was possible. And stop crying.
Hello chemistry girl of the third year, we met in the cafeteria for a pizza.I want to say thank you, because you distracted me from a heavy day
Is it for Chinese students' snack?
Engineering study classroom When one would like to study but then read certain things that distract you
Understand that in the end the world is beautiful when you see Scarlett
Explain how the mopeds have to go out, it takes a degree to know where to park ???
Dark-haired girl with wavy hair who studied with headphones in front of a Mac Tuesday 30 at the physics department, we looked at a couple of times if you recognize leaves a like!
I point out a beautiful chestnut and eat near the Biological Tower, when you feel the desire for horse but via Plebiscito seems far away, why not cook comfortably at the University?
In the meantime at the Biological Tower ...
In response to yesterday's spotted: despair is not an excuse to drink ignorant beers!
Tell me I'm not the only idiot who thought about amt male and female tickets ❤😂😂
Because in Agraria there is no need to smoke to get high
When despair is so much that the only comfort is the ignorant food and beer!
DMI students who leave glasses everywhere explain to me what the fuck of problems do you have?
Can anyone tell me where I can find a Fidget Spinner in Catania?
I lost a glove like this some time ago in the citadel. Most likely between the Cus and the engineering plexus. If someone had found him please comments, so that you can track him down ...
Search for home and affection!
Deported from his home, vergoniaaa!
It all depends on how you choose to look at the world!
Guys, would someone know how to call the guy circled in the picture?
In the meantime, you love yourself, the art and the music that badly do not do 😌
The engineering guy circled in the picture .. We noticed this morning at the CUS you have a not indifferent savoir-faire if you leave us a like
Hello, I saw you in the classroom the other day, red, a bit in the flesh as I like it. You were wearing red antennas too and you really got me a shot. I hope you do not take it if I took a picture from afar, but I did not have the courage to approach. If you recognize yourself, put like
Gentlemen, the hit of the university summer !!
"WE ARE A MAN AND WE ARE LOOKING FOR TWO WOMEN". How do you publish these ads on a university bulletin board?
Tonight, the canteen Oberdan offered us this sublime cut of meat accompanied by such delicate and refined vegetables: ADVANCED PARSLEY AND CARROT BOWS. . Obviously there are no words to describe that 'flavor'.
However, regardless of the department for which you play, we all wanted to thank you, for us Miss Palio d'Ateneo you are!
Today in San Giovanni Li Cuti
Boys and girls who run the villa bellini we create a group whatsapp to know each other and train together leave a like if interested thanks
Short sad story
Good thing that you use the precautions, but how cazzp fuck us nell'enjoy ??? Also the paid locations ...
If you need a Cupid I assure you that without effort I will find you the boyfriend, succeeds except with me, for the girlfriends I could try. Proven experience in the field. It is known that Cupid remains alone but at least the love of others triumphs.
Thanks to the genius who did this. Really, if I had not been there I'd have to dry my hands on my pants .. (of course I'm sarcastic)
Sighted Ass near the teaching at the citadel
Beautiful places to visit in the province of Catania?
"There is someone who no longer knows what a man is" pt.2
#traffic I created this pic to explain the way in which traffic jams are often formed in Catania. Just a simple behavior to avoid them: do not occupy the intersection (or the roundabout) if you can not release it immediately after!
Dark-haired girl who wed volleyball in the theater square on Wednesday night, know that you are really pretty
But is mine alone a more boring relationship than the one between Kripstak and Petrektek?
University Citadel !! The proximity of the exam session starts to make you feel 😂
Strange things happen during pathology lessons ... or rather, I should say vomitology! If you really can not avoid turning on your colleagues, at least do not eat shit at lunch ahahahahah no vabe I can not stop laughing
This is the only thing you need to do to conquer a woman!
Because "only in Catania do you have things". And to think that me and my friend, naive offspring, we went to the playa to study, not to then get on the urban and enrich ourselves with so much folklore.
When they tell you that you've finished the jig
"I just wanted to disappear in a hug."
Interbus Syracuse-Catania 11 am. The dark-haired guy who sat in the second row. .I am the girl with the white shirt you spoke with, I got off the bus without even introducing myself. Leave a like!
What do you think?
Are you the MiniMoric?
PIAZZA UNIVERSITÀ in the village set up by Corri Catania: runcard stand, Girl of the curly staff, dark complexion ... what is your name?
When even tea is discriminated for being black
We continue to finance the parties!
I swear it does not count the game. I swear I just star with you
As beautiful as it is relatively modern are the famous glass windows of engineering, inside they hide the disgusting
Hello! Some girl who would like to take a nice milkshake "Pan di Stelle" ??? leave a like that I contact you! I'm a Boy! :)
#MAVAFFANCULOMENEVADOA Cayo de Agua, Los Roques, Venezuela
Find yourself at the oberdan entrance after lunch! You can find them at the bar!
#MAVAFFANCULOMENEVADOA Baia do Sancho, Fernando de Noronha, Brazil
#MAVAFFANCULOMENEVADOA Playa Paraiso, Cayo Largo, Cuba
TRENITALIA ARRIVES ALSO IN LATE OF CENTURIES!
#MAVAFFANCULOMENEVADOA Anse Lazio, Praslin, Seychelles
ALSO FOR THIS WEEK THE LESSONS ARE FINISHED!
This life destroys me!
# DIPCHI..A who wrote "And I touch", whoever you are, thank you for having gladdened our workshop day.
#MAVAFFANCULOMENEVADOA Flamenco Beach, Culebra, Puerto Rico
Tonight (and forever) so 😂😂
It arrived like this, without any challenge in progress. And we publish 😂😂
#MAVAFFANCULOMENEVADOA Playa de Ses Illetes, Formentera, Spain
#MAVAFFANCULOMENEVADOA Ngapali Beach Myanmar
The cat is safe! Thank you
#MAVAFFANCULOMENEVADOA West Bay Beach, West Bay, Honduras
#MAVAFFANCULOMENEVADOA Nacpan Beach, El Nido, Philippines
# post2703. Does anyone know where to practice table tennis (ping pong) at a competitive level? Preferably near Piazza Borgo, but in case even in more distant places
The message I left today on this Citadel machine. For those who want them, you can contact me
One thing: why?
Morning finds at the citadel parking lot
Guys, good evening to everyone. Feel one thing, but I'm Basula Fest that's next Tuesday is as beautiful as they say?
Hello people, is there anyone who would like this kitten? Unfortunately I can not keep it because I already have another big one. It is very good and very sweet. Help me, comment if interested.
Do you know the places where you can run and train here in Catania?
#sun #relax #summer #sea #beach
#lezionialternative
Cittadella. Fines are not paid but burned
Č.B. of communication of culture and entertainment, instead of sending arrowheads on spotted an examination of conscience. You loyalty and sincerity do not even know where they are at home. Now you can continue to talk with the various Salvo, Renato, Andrea and various cocks. PS: Nakanaide 😉
At the Toscano Scuderi university residence
Today so waiting to take the oral exam!
When I have to study on a Saturday afternoon ...
Are you ready for the exams ?????
What is the university thing that makes you react like that? 😂😂
To you today April 6, in front of the agrarian stop, during the downpour, I tell you that you stole my heart .... With that cigarette in hand and that iPhone that you handled so carefully .. we exchanged a thousand looks but I was stunned.
A special greeting from us young female students off-site who to react to the devastating session we enjoy (in a balcony of central Catania) the first rays of the Sun! ☀️ #unict
Sighted at the multi-storey car park of the Policlinico, new vintage model of Opel corsa 2017. It is said that the first buyer is from Acireale .. Signed: La Talpa
Even today we have lunch tomorrow !! Cittadella canteen situation 5/4/2017, 1.29pm
Today I'm celebrating my birthday and tonight I'm celebrating like that. Who comes?
Here's what will happen to many of us in the coming weeks during the ongoing tests
When the weeks before the in itinere tests do not change anything between Sunday and Monday ...
Faculty of Medicine..A.V. in these days, more intense looks
A few months ago at the Oberdan ... "I can not go down or climb, nor get off it!"
For the series: the roommates refuse to throw the bottles of water inventing a kind of new modern art