who has visible tattoos can enter medicine?
I am looking for a girl for "love at first sight". Leave a like and, after browsing your profile, you will be contacted.
I'm looking for a fake boyfriend for Christmas lunch. So the relatives do not break my balls always with the same story ... ah, we must also exchange gifts, we must be credible.
For those who feel lonely these days or for those who want to make new friends we have created a group on telegram to organize outings and events together, give us a look if you go 🙂 https://t.me/joinchat/AUw9PlC-G-nRtcW4sAVemw
Oh but I see people more pissed at Christmas than at other times of the year. How is it possible
Spit this guy. I'm looking for it everywhere
I'm selling the doubt that going around to say, "oh my God, where can I study on the evening of the 24th?" "Are there classrooms open on the 25th of the morning?", Just a way to make a gap, when in fact you also get dry in class
Hello guys, yesterday morning, when I arrived at the university, I find myself in front of this scene ..... Generally this classroom study is full of students who study, but yesterday I was obviously the only idiot who wanted to study.
Not to ruin Christmas, but soon the exams begin.
V. C. 2nd year of languages, you are beautiful ..
My personal Christmas tree concept.
I have a curiosity: are there any girls who want to do it practically every day? At most one no and two yes?. And there are guys who do not want to do it every day?
I should do a Spanish course abroad. Do any of you who have already had experience suggest me some language school / center in Spain? Thanks 😊
I look for 5 tickets for the March 3 maneskin concert
I'm looking for a girl for pampering. Anyone interested, put a like
The directors of Spotted Unict who listen to more confessions of the priests are overwhelmed
Study rooms open from the 27 are there?
For students of letters with ambitions from writers, or for anyone who had this passion or wanted to do this in life:. If you propose to write erotic literature would you accept?
G. C. of biological sciences. It is understood that you want it 😏
Study rooms open on December 23rd?
The student of letters who forgot to book for the test in progress of literature is overwhelmed. You are legendary, I have nothing else to say!
Hi guys. Do you know where I can find (even among you) people who play djembè (the instrument is that of the photo)? If yes, do you like themed nights? Let me know 😉
Legend has it that a seagull flits at the Benedictine monastery
JURISPRUDENCE. But I'm the only one who tries to repeat rather than say "Official Gazette", says "Journal of the Prophet"? ... Other than Unict, I'm at Hogwarts
I keep losing in your eyes ... I miss you ❤️
But how do you even have lovers that I do not even find one?
Spino myself and those who like me do not have a girlfriend but do not break the balls in the world.
But are the comments on Spotted as an internship for a degree in Psychology?
Boy do you have any maneskin tickets for Catania ??? We will pay more to have them at all costs
Today the vodafone with happy friday gives 10 euros of good Mondadori spendable on a minimum cost of 30 euros. I have 2 and I do not know what to do with it, if someone can serve or interest, I like it and I will send you the code. I choose randomly among the like 😊
M. I do not find the courage to come forward ... I wonder if you, you realized ...
From the Genova Principe station we hope that our dreams can be realized
Hello people, could you tell me where to find in Catania shops, fairs, markets and anything else you can find vinyl records?
G. of organic chemistry of the course of toxicology, but what do you do to women? 😂.P.S. we await a declaration at the end of the course!
The intersection of our glances between a painting by Caravaggio and a sculpture by Michelangelo was the most intense thing of this semester.
Boys desperately look for two tickets for the date in Catania of the Maneskin! Help two poor girls 🙏
Bring a girl to the heart bar at about 5.15pm. You were with 3 of your friends and I was sitting out, I was next to two of my friends.
University parties? .I and my colleague prefer to compete for those who eat more sandwiches with mortadella and salami
In any case: I found this tray in the A2 Hall to the Benedictines. If someone wants it back, he can go to the guardhouse next to the A rooms of the monastery
Hello everyone guys 😊. Do you know in Catania if there are shops that make covers for personalized phones, but that do not cost a lot? The only one I know is the one in via Etnea, but it is too expensive 😅
But in Catania there is no player who plays professionally at tekken?
Hello, I saw you in the citadel at 13.30, you came down, we looked at each other and I lost myself in your blue eyes, if you recognize yourself, I like the post, I would like to see you again ..
Spotto the guy with the dark blue parka and glasses, which took the littorina this morning in Paternò 😊 you're really cute! If you recognize yourself, leave a comment.
When crystals are formed but you are not in Breaking Bad. From D. Department of Chemical Sciences
To all students of science and psychological techniques, can anyone tell me until there is a lesson before Christmas? And when does it reopen later? Thanks so much!
spit the guy who wrote this letter, I would like to shake your hand and offer you a coffee ... (I'm a boy you do not priari)
We are four female students looking for a house in the Benedettini area. No time wasters or slums. No insurmountable flights of stairs. Ground floor or elevator.
Blond girl of political science of the course of second-year international relations I saw you Monday before your exam! You hit me, if you find yourself leave a like
I see you spottano in many A.G of languages ​​... But why do not you ever send me a message? I would love to hear from you ... even if a nice guy like you will have something else on your mind .......
I would like advice from you. I'm a freshman, first year of computer engineering. If you do not pass the first exam, what would you do?
girls who complain of the death of cute and straight boys to the Benedictines: to me the situation does not seem so tragic; rather, have you ever tried to take a stroll at Verginelle? there is desperation from us
A.A.A Seeking girls / groups with here to share evenings, outings, fun. "Liscia" 😀. I am a girl I am 22 years old and I am in Catania recently .... Leave a like / comment. Who wants to make new friends Desirèe
I wrote you a couple of times on grindr, the only thing I know is that you make the law. Do not be afraid of being yourself ... And nothing, I miss you G.
Study rooms open during the holidays ??
BENEDETTINI.We are two girls of the second year of languages, we span F. C. who yesterday had the blue shirt. Sometimes we talked in recent years but we never managed to tell you what we think of you: you're too cute, we would like to make an exit with you!
My professor of chemistry M.E.F. That sooner or later I will marry ❤️
I am desperately looking for a girl seen in the metro today 20/12, you had blonde short hair and a gift of kiko in your hand! Let yourself be recognized !!
CARRY :. "I told him not to rent to law students! They are all arrogant and arrogant !!!!" .Cit. Master of the house.You have the comments 🤦🏼♀️😡
My mother spotto that made me find the parmigiana at the table!. Thanks Ma!
Hello everyone! We are two guys looking to do something new year, we take any, but just that we have a company that has fun and does interesting things ... What are you planning? Shoot some suggestions!
The coppietta that limona and slingua in front of everyone in Palazzo Ingrassia is overwhelmed. The apotheosis was reached while I was with a colleague of mine and in their enthusiasm they threw themselves on people. APPARTATEVI!
Do you know of evenings day 21? Post-examination drunkenness is required
Under the high school students giggling and limonano sitting at the Bellini villa. Have mercy on us old spinsters who have not fucked the Mesozoic life and who find very little reason to laugh, especially in session. Be young in silence.
Hello everyone, my name is V and I am Acitan doc. In life I have a great passion: eating horse meat at the plebiscite way from S.F for this reason I look for zulu friends like me to go all together to eat the onion. To get organized, put a like and I will contact you
Let's organize a Risiko from the dai
Monastero dei Benedettini. The boy with a blue shirt and his friend with a gray jacket and sweatshirt who were chatting outside in the courtyard, you are very cute 🙂
It does not matter if you are made of plastic or glass, the important thing is that what you have to feed is good for those you love
The girl I saw at dinner canteen Oberdan, I liked a lot had a yellow jacket but above all: fairy eyes.Ps we took the trays together .. I would like to meet you.
Hi Spotted people! I have to buy a laptop that I will use mainly for studying, but if I can throw some game it would be even better. What do you recommend? Can I find something cheap that manages to combine my desire to study and nerd?
WANTED ATHLETE FOR SECOND FIPAV DIVISION Evening training three times a week. . If interested, put a "like" and you will be contacted.
For two months now you have revived the atmosphere of the High School. A.A.A looking for dark-haired part-time student with dark eyes, instead of doing the moped with the vigilantes would not be better an invitation from your peer?
Found purple earring near the DMI. Comment and you will be contacted. Merry Christmas to everyone 🙂
Congratulations to all the "engineers" who do not even make the effort to throw the trash in the baskets
Dmi and surroundings: the saga continues
I would like a guy with whom I can do the worst you eat and who is romantic at these levels
Spite the boy who today at Vittorio Emanuele deigned to leave the bathroom door open, beast next time you get up there open door.
I love you but you listen to Gazzelle
Study room open during the holidays?
When the professors are more desperate than the students. Santa Claus letters on the dmi's Christmas tree:
I'm an agrarian boy and I'm looking for a girl with a tractor. No time wasters. Thank you.
Hello everyone! I am an off-campus student, I am 20 years old and I would like to start playing basketball again. I was wondering if any of you could suggest associations to be part of to resume with training, but something not too challenging ... Preferably Piazza Lanza area
Where can I have a cheap iPhone 5 repaired?
Good evening to all. I sell 4 Biagio Antonacci tickets on December 30th in Acireale. Anyone interested would let me know ...
When you're a joke and you refuse to cook, but your roommate is more stuffone than you and manages to burn a pizza precooked leaving it for 37 minutes instead of 10, due to collapse on the sofa
Spotta te: I saw you in the towers, sweatshirt diadora, perhaps a foreigner. Maybe it's fate, I saw you Friday night in the draws of Via Gabriele D'Annunzio, side b da pauraa 😉😉😉.If you recognize you put a like, I would like to meet you
Hello everyone. I write from a student of accounting, interested in the University of Catania. I have difficulty in being able to choose between 3 faculties: Law, Political Science and Economics and Commerce. I ask you therefore, could you tell me the pros and cons of each one, you who attend?
Spent the leaders of the citadel of the citadel that call lunch today Christmas lunch just because now start to line up and if you're okay eat for the holidays, but speed up the service a little?
The secret stocks of CDM (shit flatmate) 😂
The girl who, today at Vittorio Manuele, came into the bathroom and found me with her buttocks outside. My joy, if next time tuccilii ti fazzu viriri macari u ravanti, beast
Rather than blasting yourself unnecessarily without ever knowing the boy / girl seen in the subway, study room or fishmonger, why not put a like or comment and organize a nice game to pre-Christmas cards ... P.s. No strip poker scopone and / or similar.
AAA looking for two girls I met at the cafeteria Oberdan, I would like to meet again .. The cutlery guy😊
For those who live in the areas of largo rosolino pilo..Do you know the cause of the deafening noise?
Spit the student's home in Cittadella, Picchi I do not fun the uaifai?
Spino those funny guys of M.M and M.S who spend their days giving themselves show by tagging on thousand thousand crap: find a room, thank you.
My dear padawan, I'm looking for company to go and see Star Wars today December 19 at the Odeon, preferably at the show of 5:45 pm, since I've been ammaronata. Do not disappoint me! 🙂
We are two girls and we look for a clean, respectful and preferably non-smoker roommate with whom we can serenely share a brand new apartment, in the wide Rosolino Pilo area.
My physics bank spills you
Girl with red hair, dark red French beret, jeans a bit 'torn and really large sketchbook, fleeting sight in via etnea last night around 7, you're really beautiful
Join the group created by Spotted Unict to buy and sell books at top speed! ..https: //www.facebook.com/groups/SpottedUnict.ComproVendoLibri/
All those who like me, before difficult lessons, are charged with a charge of physical and moral energy based on nutella, chocolate, chocolates, m & m's
To the girls on the first floor of the condominium of via etnea, exactly in front of the exit of the metro ... A greeting once in a while would be nice. Instead of closing you in. .Firmato: the guys in the building opposite.
Lately I have seen many posts of people looking for a soul mate and I decided to try it too. So without many turns of words is there any girl who is interested in having a chat in front of a coffee?
Biological Tower 2:40 pm: shop assistant at the bar that you offered us pandoro, you have improved the day! They should all be like you!
Hello everyone! .I want a ticket for the concert of Biagio Antonacci on December 29th in Acireale..Who would be interested in buying comments with "interested" and will be contacted.
"I decided. To lose myself in the world. Even if I sink. I leave things. I take them elsewhere. It does not matter where" ❤
I am looking for a roommate for a house in via Dalmazia (right next to Giuffrida metro and Economia). Fantastic house, equipped with everything. Single room for 200 euros
I appeal to all those guys who, despite being close to the age of 30, behave like teenagers looking for any form of life that can satisfy them. But quannu you quagghia to mennula? You are ridiculous!
exam of #startup
Spite whoever wrote this letter to Santa Claus, found on the bridge of the Benedettini .. Connected, you have all my respect and full solidarity.
Anyone who has had Professor A. of Physics 1, I beg you to let us forward desperately need help, advice, material, a little hope and some good news.
The girl with the black and white striped sweater of the lesson 14-16 physics 2 M-Z of Monday 18 is off, you're pretty, if you recognize yourself you beat a shot
To the guy who works from Stradivarius at etnapolis, you cheered up my shopping afternoon and my friends. You have a magnetic look
Day 18 December .. Date to remember ... in Catania an indefinite group of people who respect the right in the escalators of the metro 😂
Sometimes people are more useless than Mr. Bean's voice actor
How do you find the motivation to study when you are fully distressed? And what is your study method that helps you fulfill your goals? Give advice to a poor matriculation 🙁
For those who complained of the bad smell during the lessons. You are confusing it with the very famous Caghér d'exam, eau de parfum. In each pole someone has a bottle.
Hello everyone! Can someone tell me if in the neighborhood of Via Vittorio Emanuele there are gyms (even volleyball gyms)? Thank you very much in advance!
Fuck the love, the only thing that tries to trap me for years by closing me in a fucking sphere full of madness. Yet I like it ..
The boy on Wednesday at Hangar 22 asked me for the number! You were wearing a green t-shirt ... and you were dancing very well. Thinking about it, I realized I gave you the wrong number and I'm looking for you everywhere.
Under a girl in the company of a boy at the cafeteria Oberdan today 17, I would like to describe you but I do not know how. I've never seen a girl more beautiful than you
There are two things that I ask myself: .. 1. Who shoves with ads to look for a partner, in the end succeeds in his intent? .2. Those who comment on the above ads, especially with sockets for the c ** or, do they actually with the intent veiled or not to be contacted then? .. Explain!
by Pablo Neruda: .. Slowly dies.University in session
In the morning I buy the whole wheat bread with the seeds to start the diet, the afternoon I eat it with mortadella
I wonder if those people who put I like the ads of "I'm looking for boys / e and bla bla bla" do it for farce or if they are really convinced of wanting to get acquainted with who wrote .. In the second case, well, I find it very sad.
I was looking for a girl with the "croceroxin" syndrome. I'm a boy ... Anyone who is interested puts a "like" to this post.
even if you come out from the classic you are not good either in Italian or in math, and analysis is still a mirage ahah
I'm a simple girl. When I no longer love my boyfriend I keep being with him for at least another six months, so I can work out the end of the story by continuing to have him next to him.
Lovers of poetry, reading and dreams .. You are not alone
The red-haired boy I saw this morning (16/12) in the study room of via Simili (Italy horizon). I would like to have a chat with you. You look like an interesting boy. If you are reading, leave a like.
But can I believe that no one, really, none of the 130 souls that we are in my faculty can help me with an exam? I state that I have simply asked the questions that most frequently the prof do in the exam ... I asked too much perhaps?
But only I am proud to go to university?
Spend the delicate outfit of my roommate, in an elegant dressing gown from Saturday night home green color, which incorporates a little 'style of play boy the mansion, to give you a moment of intimacy and wish you happy holidays !!!
A boy who was on the private Wednesday in the hangar 22. A blonde, light eyes, wide shoulders and a gray sweater. You're really cute 🙂
Hi guys, like every year the question is always one. WHAT DOES YOU HAVE A NEW YEAR?!?!?! Here, I do not know. Does anyone know about FESTINI deprived with predominantly alcoholic people? 🤮
I've been in Catania for more than a year to study and my problem is this ... Possible that in the upper area of ​​via etnea there is not a bar / bakery that makes decent rotisserie ... I've tried several if you have suggestions are welcome #signleokmanonsenzapizzetta
Hi, I would like to meet a girl with whom to eat the Seven Big Sandwich and beat the current record. On the one hand I hope you leave it so I can also eat his .. If you are interested in the like or comment, you will be contacted. No Vegane thanks
I saw a guy's post, where he was looking for women. Well I will do the same thing but less unlucky. Put little heart in this post and you will be contacted for just university interchange
I was wondering if there was any place in the area nearby and where you can listen to live music, like rock or jazz, and since my friends do not like jazz, I was wondering if anyone would be interested in going there
It was Monday 4 December in the math library, we chatted while I was studying analysis 3 and you operating systems. You told me to call you F and to do computer engineering, you have green eyes, but I have not seen you in the library! If you recognize yourself, write (:
Does anyone know open classrooms on Saturday afternoons? (To the citadel)
#startup
All those poor people who every morning, taking the escalators of the subway, have to deal with those who permanently occupy the "overtaking" lane ... you have my solidarity ... P. S. To the guilty I say: who splits costs you to mittirivi right?
I saw you on friday afternoon (about 6.30 pm) near the big Christmas tree in Piazza Universita! You wore a green jacket, dark trousers and you had short curly hair! A friend of yours called you Rita, if you recognize you leave a like!
Disney buys C ++. Professors will no longer be able to call the "Goofy" variables.
Comment with what you think should be written on the cards of the Baci Perugina, as did C.R, and we will publish your ticket
The girl in a green sweater was in the "Vincenzo Bellini" municipal library this morning. If you recognize yourself, put a like
It is true love when to study with her a boring subject of which you do not understand a shit give up the game of your favorite team. You are fantastic.
The girl who the other party last night was at the party. You danced near an exit, you had a little tatoo on your arm, you were with two boys and three girls, one of them burned me with a cigarette. You have wonderful eyes and I would like to know what your name is.
Hello everyone, I'm a girl and I would like to learn how to skateboard. Advice on the first skate to buy? Places to train in Catania and surroundings?
All 10-year-old unict students who had to go to class and live university without a smartphone!
Spott all those looking for love on spotted. Better cfu, definitely!
I try. I'm looking for the boy with the beard, who wed my arm with my drink on Wednesday night at the Hangar, and who, instead of pissing off, told me smiling, "you should keep her taller". I looked for you but I did not see you again. Palesati, I want to apologize. 😂
Dolce stil novo at the Benedictine Monastery
I hope someone knows this phantom singer. I accept advice on other artists like you to listen to 🙂 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-y5YsOhmxts
Looking for someone to give statistical repetition. Those interested are commenting on the post and will be contacted.
Department of Mathematics and Informatics, Room 128..But a boy with a pigtail that today, December 15th at 10:30 am was doing a written exam. He was sitting in the front row, in the leftmost place, and he was dressed in burgundy. . Leave a like, I would like to offer you a coffee :)
If some girl wants to keep me company, leave a like that contact! 🙂
girl who was looking for the BARLETTA stop! You climbed the brt where there was the controller, I do not know where the stop is .. but I know I would like to contact you .. !! leave a like
The girl who acted as a test assistant in the course of Mathematics Discrete at the DMI has died. You are a charming woman, you have a lot of class, you are beautiful 😍
AAA SPOTTO ALL COLOR THAT ARE IN THE PROCESS OF WRITING A THESIS advice on the choice of topics to be treated sources of research and all that voletr postare post thanks
girl with black hair and sunglasses, that the morning of Wednesday 13 to 10:30, you stopped me to ask for directions by the light, know that you're really pretty .. I hope my indication was right.
Spotto Spotted Unict 🤪 because it did not exist when I was in university and I can not "sign up" 😭😡🤣
Hello! Someone who goes to Rkomi's live tomorrow? I'm probably alone and I'm looking for company!
Study rooms open Saturday afternoon and tomorrow?
I would like to ask A. G. second year of languages ​​(I know you are Russian) what is your favorite Linkin Park? My "leave out all the rest" 😉
Spino the blond boy with the green sweatshirt that this morning was in the classroom study at the monastery: you're very cute!
Wanted boys and girls lovers of art and museums to take advantage of the night of the museums on Saturday 16 and go and visit someone together 😊
Is there a library of the Faculty of Motor Sciences? If so, where is it?
I prayed not to see you again, or sooner or later I will give it to you. Reduce sleepless nights ... Like when I did after.Otemtemperos now to my duties. I should study .... Start tonight ... Or not?
UNICT. Good boys, give me at least 3 good reasons to enroll in Modern Literature in Catania, thank you!
Those who look at me every morning look as if I came from the North Pole. Carusi if I bring the heavy jacket is because in the Etna countries the morning is cold, and macari very, not because I'm stupid!
We must be optimistic, always see the positive side, the glass half full. When, from any off-campus students, live in a typical house with no radiator, take advantage of it: make the dry sausage
DIRECT FROM VIAGRANDE (CT) .. When the firemen tell you that the car, not having insurance, can not stay on the road, instead of insurance, put the car on the balcony
Requirements for my soul mate: .- You do not have to shake me m ***** a
Every reference to the Disum is purely coincidental
Catania and its houses for students rather singular ...
VILLA CERAMI THIRD FLOOR ehi you bearded boy with blue eyes that this afternoon you were leaning on the study bench .. I'm lost in your eyes .. if you recognize see you tomorrow in the study room 🤗
Day 13 of December a girl (pretty enough), lent me a pen (classroom study Oberdan) .. At 19-00 we had to see for the restitution of the same. To repay (most importantly) I would have offered a coffee .. If you recognize yourself, put a like
Tuesday, 7:40 am waiting for the shuttle, the same day we met again in the metro stop Milo up to stesicoro, blue eyes blue hair. show yourself
DMI AND SURROUNDINGS Pt2
The boy with the red sweater that last night was at Bazinga to celebrate the birthday of his friend ... The meantime, you filled a room and we did not hear anything anymore, but you were so nice with your girlfriend that I was envious of her. .Why are the good ones all busy?
Spit the girl who was there last night at a birthday at the bazinga. High, black skirt. If you are here, leave a like
Spite boy who today around 17:30 was in front of the classrooms A dei Benedettini, above the small round rise. He tried to illustrate to the whole world what he had studied. I wish you to take 30 !!! 😂
Spotto you, that this morning you put makeup in the car on the third shelf of the parking lot to the Citadel, I hope our looks can cross again.
How to snub the povery
https://www.facebook.com/groups/SpottedUnict.OggettiSmarritiRitrovati/permalink/133301310676067/
Hi everyone, I'm a girl. I would love to go to the Caparezza concert to be held in Acireale on February 16th. Would any of you (possibly self-driving) who like Caparezza would be interested in coming with me? 🙂
To the girl with blond hair and blue eyes that I met on December 13 at the Ersu office in via Verona for the canteen card, we meet again either Tuesday at 13:30 at the citadel's cafeteria or Wednesday same time, but at the cafeteria of Oberdan. You owe me a favor 😌
Hello, I saw a guy with reddish / orange hair at the table in via vittorio emanuele that intrigued me. I'd like to meet him. Go ahead
https://www.facebook.com/groups/SpottedUnict.OggettiSmarritiRitrovati/permalink/133301310676067/
Hi everyone, I'm a girl. I would love to go to the Caparezza concert to be held in Acireale on February 16th. Would any of you (possibly self-driving) who like Caparezza would be interested in coming with me? 🙂
When there is a circus in the city and instead of seeing people walking with the dog, you see people walking the camel
At Christmas, you can study what you have never studied: resume reading, ... go on underlining, .retting that time of study. That you were chasing each other so much ... Let's get on and enjoy the holidays.
To hurt the person you love, after all, is only masochism. It's a way to hurt yourself.
Who comes to see star wars?
I'll be bitch, but I miss you
When you are 23 years old, just a little shaggy beard and you already feel like giving her, call LORD and then you feel the weight of your years on your back, you tend to say oplà when you sit down, come home before 10pm and claim the retirement before graduating.
Anyone who has the car to go see Star Wars at the Planet. We are two students of philosophy ("and we are not even ugly"). Pls. We will pay you the petrol in imperial credits!
Get another sober outfit from another roommate in an exam session!
Hello I am a first year student and I have this problem: in my channel there is a girl that I like a lot, but I am a shy boy I do not know how to behave .. Any advice?
Do you recommend a place to lunch quickly and cheaply in Catania that is open until 16?
All those who earn less than Donnarumma feel stressed by life
Dedicated to all colleagues of SP.
Hello everyone! I would like to ask you for advice: do you know good tattooists area ct? I did a tattoo a few years ago but I would like to do it again because it is too faded. Thanks for any advice.
I look for room in the citadel area for 150 euros, man..Pls help me
Spotted wild boar around the city. Now the university wednesday is frequented by everyone ...
Given that many people wonder who the two geniuses wrote the letter to Santa Claus, we give you a clue ... we are freshmen, respectively of electronic engineering and industrial chemistry ... If you want other clues, leave a like
My economics professor is waiting for the day before the test in progress to publish the slides. Damn you and your useless assistant.
After so many years since I met you, I have to say that "Slib" is beautiful. You'll probably always be an unattainable star, but at least now you've been spilled. Smile, you're wonderful!
DMI AND SURROUNDINGS ... Many will understand it!
Spotto myself I'm the only bastard who still believes in gallantry because, for example, in the metro, when I see a girl (like yesterday afternoon) or a / a gentleman looking for a place, I get up with the excuse (not true ) to have to get off at the next stop, giving up my seat.
To the Thomas who forgot his chemistry notebook in the IC, I left it in the DICAR guardhouse this morning!
Spit all the girls with a busty breasts 😍. You drive me crazy every time I look at you 😍😍 .Thanks of existing❤️
From a former engineering student 😩
I had no outlets, you did not have eyes.
The boys and girls that I met today in the space - time gap created at Feltrinelli are very different! In the end we managed to come out of the interminable row for Zerocalcare 💪 were very nice, I hope to beating you again
Casa nellykelly
blond girls, and with glasses are the nicest. Above all what I saw today: 13-20 hours at the OBERDAN table.
But exactly in what sense? 🤔 "Romantic" messages in classroom D in Roccaromana 🙄
I thank the 'person' who today stole my scarf (of value) at the pole of Roccaromana. It would be enough to have a shred of conscience to bring it back, at least, to the collaborators.
Sorry for the off topic: What do you think of the fuckers? And if favorable, how often should you meet to avoid ruining everything?
A.A.A looked for girls who would like to see Star Wars EP.8 day 13 or this week
Look today at the Citadel. In my opinion, there are two former students who, unable to pass an exam, turned to the gentleman
When your last hope is Santa Claus
The girl I met at the ERSU office is down! You have eyes that speak !!
Law students, let's make a petition for toilet paper in via Roccaromana !! There is never!
The dark-haired girl with glasses and with whom I had a pleasant game of looks yesterday to the Benedictines has fallen out; it was almost 16, you were close to the main entrance and I was leaving ... if you recognize yourself put a like! 🙂
Has anyone lost them?
Hello everyone! I write for information, there are study classrooms equipped with wi-fi at the university city? And if so what are they and what is the procedure to access the service? Thank you!:-)
Yesterday around 19 on the brt we exchanged two words ... we went down to the same stop but we did not show up ... Be alive!
I would really like to know a natural redhead. Step forward! 🙂
It is my business and my ability to cook beautifully and healthily. Too bad that there is never anyone here with me to share meals
Do you know any market that sells used books? In case it exists, someone who wants to go?
I'm looking for a house to rent for the night and New Year's Eve, possibly a single house
Spotto: Still life. Peel on bench. Room A2, Benedictine Monastery. Unknown author, 2017 ... Whoever you are, thank you for having rejoiced the Spanish literature lesson to me and my colleagues
A couple is down, even if I do not think it's just ... Just fuck at the student lab
Spotto myself..I have more stuff to give than feelings.
Spit by the fake red hair that you frequent engineering, what do you say you are the pr of an evening, to previnder how are you putting? I received a voice that gives a tribute, what is it?
But mature guys who like art in general, who do not snobby theater, ballet or art exhibitions labeling them as "gay things", do they exist? . If you are out there somewhere, show yourself to the world and maybe even have a chat!
Hello everyone I would like to know polite series girls where I can look for are from Catania 🙂
The professor C.E. who moves the exam for 2 days for problems that do not depend on him. These here are 2 days that will make me take more than 20! Thank you so much.
The blond girl looks like a girl. I always see you at the canteen of the Citadel and I always have to look at you. If I were not happily engaged, I would try because you're too my type.
I would just like to disappear in a hug
My university life in short ..... Full of joys
My Christmas tree 😂
All those who lie in the face of evidence are on the move. . All we have had to do at least once in a lifetime. What were your experiences? And how did you behave in front of these subjects?
I quit university and start playing poker
Spino those great geniuses of the citadel that this morning have left closed the gate that on the ring for students who arrive with the BRT or Metro Shuttle..Thanks! You have sent many saints down from heaven!
Helping someone to pass an exam especially difficult for me is a pleasure. I do not pretend coffee or dinner, but do not receive even a simple Thank you is a sign of rudeness!
Someone has to recommend some evening / event for new year's eve?
Tennessee Williams wrote: when so many in the world are really alone, it would be unpardonably selfish to be alone, alone
"With love from the Department of Pharmacy"
It is up to you that today you got off the metro at the Milo stop and on your way you said to your colleague "I study engineering because when the time comes I want to be the old man who understands more about the construction sites".
However carusi I was thinking that I have more exams than feelings
Try to get it shortened!
My desire to study is overwhelming. The last time we met, I was in a hurry and I had to let you go. If you recognize yourself like, I need you.
All those who never recover the rest at the machines of the department of mathematics and computer science are driven. Thanks so much, you can not imagine how many coffees you have already offered me
I spit myself that even at 22 I watch Tom and Jerry, arm wrestling and the two fanta parents. How I enjoy it!
From today, new mood. Brainwashing 😉 Always carry it with you and in front of you! Also in the bathroom.
S.B., I admit I deserved it. Betraying, as you said, or deluding someone is not beautiful. But I swear to you I was not in bad faith. You had intrigued me and I did not know how to contact you .. Give me an opportunity to make me forgive ...
The most studied pastry chef in the world and my graduation cake
I'm looking for nice people to go and listen to the Veivecura Saturday 16
Someone who was in London, what area would you recommend to look for a hotel that is close to the subway but also to the discos? And maybe it's not a dump .... Ahaha, thank you!
We want to launch this fashion also to Ct? 😀
Your name is E. You are in the first year of nursing, we talked and we found each other. If you recognize yourself, put a "like"
S.C. medicine IV year I continue to lose in your ...
My grandmother on Sunday, without a pan of lasagna to be frozen (because you never know, put that I do not have time to cook) in Catania does not make me come back
No matter how late you are, city buses will be more and more late for you
When the person you called "best friend" is fucked by who you are and comes out in the open with your ex. Heavy eh?
M. V. of Political Sciences I fell in love with your smile and your look ♥ ️ I can not think of anything else but you.
Coez - The ticket is not there. "And I'm sorry if I do not talk enough but I have a gig that jumps in my stomach"
Ou all looking for girls, now I also put myself: I am looking for a girl who goes by motorcycle and that I do not shake the m ***** if every Sunday I'm around, even if it possibly comes with me, maybe even with his bike, leave a like and I will contact you immediately
I want to fall in love c *** o. It never happens
Is there anybody from Catania who listens to groups like: Radiohead, Sigur ròs, The xx and the like? I am a girl and I would like to share my musical tastes with someone 😀
All to take it out on social networks, leaving aside the fact that people were stupid even before, only that they knew only in the family.
My colleague is off, why? He has a jacket so beautiful that even the boys want it!
The light brown-haired girl, the black sweater and the glasses that was on the citadel's table last night ... last week we met in the study room (the one above the city's cafeteria) but I could not stop you. like
But what problems do the guys display and do not respond and if you ask gently and with a playful jest if they are ignoring you (which I do only the first time) they say: "I'm not always on the phone". I am counting on you if I do not answer immediately ".. Really, you are doing wrong.
The days pass, pass, pass. And you do not come back here ..
My friends are infamous Sith without any ambition to awaken the Force. That's why I'm looking for some surviving Jedi to help me on the day of December 13th: see the eighth episode of Star Wars at the cinema. Who is with me?
It's really heartbreaking to worry, to give attention to someone who cares about you highly ...
I would like to say something to the boy who claims that Frida Khalo has become famous only because "not beautiful": resigned you will never be at her level of genius. 🤗
We took the circumetnea at 4:42 pm, Tuesday, December 5th. During the journey you asked me about the stops and then you went down to Paternò. I thought of you and your eyes 😌
The girl who at the Back To The 90's night did not know a song and tried to use Shazam (without success). You were leaning on the pillar and you were with your friend. I know the title of the song, if you like it I'll tell you 😀
Gift used day 8 of Coez concert to share it with sixteen-year-olds
The song of the university students next to the session
Spotto that great man or great lady who yesterday parked in a well-known shopping center so as to occupy the second row is a place reserved for the disabled and a pink seat, reserved for women only. Whoever you are, surely you will have among your noble titles that of "Emeritus T.D.M"
People of spotted, I ask you a question: is it right to talk about a behavior that has hurt us to a person who has shown us indifference, not returning our feelings of love or friendship? Or better to be silent and pretend nothing?
Will I see you on Monday at the DMI in the library? .Let's hope so...
Dear Meatloaf, with the euro I lent you I suggest you go buy yourself the dignity and a couple of attributes, that you need.
Hello people, our group is happy to welcome new members. We welcome friendly people, who want to go out to drink together / go to rock evenings .... https: //chat.whatsapp.com/39OgqwlcRDe20iPrLq9U22
I look for three tickets for coez, indifferent the day!
When I give Sociology with Bennato, I will get drunk for a semester in a row (including mornings and afternoons).
The plasterboard of the biological tower must be of a high quality, to be so expensive
https://youtu.be/v6Lt8s4utYQ
I need tickets for coez I'm desperate
What do I miss doing?
Find the intruder
To get ready for the session I set an alarm clock that every 10 minutes with Bonolis that says "but what does it do not cincischi !!!!" and with this image as a screen
And if I told you that I'm a girl, I love football and I love fifa, some single guy who instead of romantic dinners would prefer fifa tournaments there?
You broke a 3/4 banana with Frida Kahlo 's trans
Hi, I sell 2 tickets for Coez day 9 .. I'm from Giarre and I have no chance to move.
Aspect Bono and The Edge singing at the Monte Po stop.
Hi, I get tickets for Coez day 9. I'm from Giarre and I have no way to move.
Hello to all. I would like to create a telegram group for people like me who suffer from loneliness or have few friends. The group is as follows: https: //t.me/joinchat/GB_C4Q_GRTgj2xepQFgXOA
Kung fu courses in Catania? Some advice?
Spit my roommate .... and nothing the photo is commented by itself .. Too many emails lately.
This year at the top of the Christmas tree I will put my selfie..Because the only star here is me.
In the name of many women ... Put lots of announcements for musicians, athletes, etc. Now let's move on to formal things: TRUSTED WANTED
Hello! I look for a concert ticket for the Coez on Friday 8 or Saturday 9 .. comment that I contact you 🙂
Who wants to study mechanics applied to machines with me? I have the exam in January at the UNIPI but for this month I am in Catania. It could be a good idea to compare our study programs and expand our knowledge
My ex comes to the University of Catania. I greet the legendary that today he kissed his dear and mythical ex not thinking of his girlfriend who was thinking for him and not thinking that I would get there to see their pictures. Hello mythical, a kiss. I know you'll read sooner or later.
Spottiamo te, G.D.M. that day 5 December you graduated in Economics ... are you engaged? Your new fans.
I sell a concert ticket for Coez in the day 7 .. Leave a message for private information.
All those who like me do not have the courage to poop in the university bathrooms.
Would you like to close the exams and start the Christmas holidays in beauty, going to dance, and organize the university party day 21, just because the 22 there are those who like me will have the exam 😭😭😭 the bad luck! # unatristeuniversitaria #maiunagioia
I'm from Palermo but I would like to live in Catania! My boyfriend is from Catania and I, thanks to him, started to frequent and get to know the city better. How much I like it 💖 I send CV every day and if they contact me I'll transfer tomorrow! Help me 😂
My roommate DLR is busy because we have found that nobody is shitting. I love you
When the only bed suitable for your tenant is a vintage crib.
Roccaromana. .High, curly and bearded, dressed in black and fascinatingly asocial, come out your name!
Leave a review by clicking on the link below :) For us your opinion is very important, we will take the opportunity to improve again ... https: //www.facebook.com/pg/thespottedunictpage/reviews/? Ref = page_internal
My roommates are busy, big toxic alcoholics, to tell them that I love them and that I would never end this experience. I love you so much, enjoy this unexpected gesture! ❤
Congratulations to the building of engineering education on the ground floor, where for months and months the humidity is eating live the ceiling of the study area ...
Yesterday evening on the subway to go up I saw a beautiful girl.I saw the bra (it was red) low-cut shirt.Unfortunately I forgot what it was called and if it was engaged
When you win the scholarship and the first installment comes after the Black Friday #maiunagioia
Like the law of gravity, karma is so fundamental that we often do not notice it.
I do not know anything about many things. But I know one thing: anyone wants more CFU than he has.
Finally the most exciting moment of the day has arrived: to sleep
I see high schoolers worried about not being able to enter university. And to think that I can not get out of it
hello guys, do you know any microbiological site where inserting the name of the bacterial species explains the characteristics of that bacterium, but especially on which soil is more isolated and what are the characteristics of the colony in culture?
Application for attending the faculty of biological sciences: what is it like to do a faculty you do not like, knowing you have not entered medicine?
We found a white iPhone 5 or 5s in the bathroom of Villa Cerami. We are in the study room on the ground floor of Villa Cerami (the one with the windows)
We do not have the excuse of the world championship, in June we have to STUDY
Hello everyone! Is there any librophile who can tell me if in Catania there are shops or fairs where you can buy and sell used books? (I mean fiction, not university books). Thanks! 😊
The breakfast of those who want to be the protagonist: chives and cutted olives
Street art in Catania
Brave Unict students who, despite the bad weather, you have ventured to go to class, become a photojournalist for a day and send us your testimonies of life to the limit to show everyone what nature can!
I am looking for a guitarist and a male voice to perform covers. . If it were 2 in 1, even more assaione is better. 😬😬😬😬
Off the wifi unict. You're too slow and I can not download the episodes of strager things..Ps I do not have wifi at home, at least you help me
Assumption to start a relationship.Here to you: you and I are not much ... so you want to get together?
AM27 Graphics created this beautiful profile picture for us. Thank you! 😀
Hi, I would like to create a group of only girls who want to make new friends and want to go out. I'm looking for nice people, not gossipy and who "welcome" to share from home movies, to the aperitif outside. Put me like 😊
The fair of Catania capital of fashion
But heaven is a clever lie
Only in Political Sciences
Tomorrow morning he can withdraw it 😂
The most beautiful and complicated thing in all this is pissing with one hand and writing with the other, and all this in the dark ... Poets with superpowers in that of political science !!!
Only in Catania we have a subway overlooking the sea ❤️
I see you every day ... we pretend nothing ... yet for me it was not just a night and away .. but you do not know! Are not you made for ties? that huge stupid ... you said it .. you're fine with me .. try it does not cost anything!
Hi, I'm a girl looking for a house in Ortigia. I would need it for a year, for two people. I am a student of the INDA. Does anyone know who could rent it? Thanks so much
... Do you know what I miss most of all? Eat your fries and porcose with you .... Those with the garlic sauce from Seven were our favorites! Remember? .... 🍟🍟🍟🍟🍟🍟🍟🍟🍟
Sunset seen from Etna ❤️
Sometimes when I see children playing hide-and-seek or other games I feel like playing too, does it happen to you or is it the university that's driving me crazy?
I saw you Tuesday evening (about 7.30 pm) in the bus 536 and you went down Via Etnea alta (with a curly-haired friend)! You had dark brown hair and wore Bordeaux trousers, black jacket and black backpack at the back! a like! :)
Girl with the red t-shirt and black leggings that yesterday 16 October you were in the gym at the city wellness catania via cifali .... but how cute you are
Via plebiscite ❤️
Tiè, ammuccativi is beautiful cake with chocolate custard. 😉 (In response to the culinary posts) hahaha
Current mode
Hello everyone, I am a freshman and therefore not so much experienced in the university world. I would like to know where I have to look (in which site, page or similar) to understand when they start classes in physical education and lesson times. Thanks to anyone he will answer me
92 minutes of applause for the dirty, noisy roommates who bring the boyfriends home
I'm sure that in a few days some of you will spend half a day in the kitchen doing crazy things just to put the photos on spotted and feel more chefs than everyone else. And the next day he will come back to eating canned tuna, since the ego is not edible.
Hello everyone we have created a whatsapp group to get to know each other and talk about this and that, we organize an evening gathering in Catania every week on Friday night and occasionally for other events in the city, if you are interested we will leave the chat link for message, to soon 🙂
In response to all the Masterchef of the Unict. You can accompany only.
Spotti girl seen today on the BRT at 16:00 directed to the two obelisks, wearing a white T-shirt and a beige skirt, you were sitting in front of me and we exchanged a few glances if you recognize yourself in this description put a LIKE
Neapolitan karaoke methods in full session do we have?
THE SONG OF THE UNIVERSITY!
Live from Paternò
To all those who are busy with the tests these days
The only way to be misled is to pose this way
"Hello everyone there would be some photographer / a, aspiring or amateur, who would need a model for a shooting? Collaboration free on both sides .. comment 🙂"
There is a place not too crowded in Catania where you can stay at the beach in the evening with a towel to watch the stars or eat a pizza?
Hello everyone, I'm looking for people who are good with digital design and who want to form a community where they can share or exchange tips and more 😊 Write a comment and I will contact you. People who know how to model in 3D are also welcome.
The professor retires at the end of this academic year, and also adheres to the strike. If you can not pass the subject in the only appeal available in September, can you take the exam with another professor who has taken the same course during the same year?
I say but it is normal that you always have people ready to take pictures taking the right moments and the right positions, while I have the only moment of glory I quannu ncagghiu the speed camera ?! (Quote)
Someone who is from Aci Bonaccorsi explains how to get there from Catania by public transport?
Someone is enrolled in the DEI Corporate Finance course? I would like to have some clarifications. Thanks so much!
the September exams I give them in January
Hi, could you recommend some restaurant / pizzeria on the sea in acicastello area or where to go to dinner? A nice but cheap place to go for two, thank you
Hi all boys. We are a group of boys and girls who want to enjoy the summer to the full and meet new people and why not organize evenings of fun and carefree. If you are accollative and interested, leave a like and we will contact you 😃
I understood that when you drink, you become sincere
Dear V. S. You do not comment assiduously but when you do it I always think one thing: YOUR MOTHER HAS TO ABORTIRE. It's useless to be cool with the graduate profile picture
I have a problem with a friend of mine: I often ask for advice on what to do, I give mine and promptly emails about everything I say, my opinions, my advice on what to eat or what to do, places that I like and that I recommend to visit and so on .. Why?
Catania, yesterday about twelve o'clock I was walking in Viale Africa, tall chimneys and he on a bike with a friend, he went in the opposite direction. She had a fluo yellow shirt, short black hair, her dark knit friend. He will never read, but I try
How do you say "Sucati un pruno" in Latin?
Hi, I turn to graduates in Sc.motorie, I do not know what to do after graduation (I'm already a graduate). Which road did you choose?
If you give me all your BMW, your designer clothes and your beautiful pool overlooking the sea, trust me that even I can take 500 I like the photos, web influencer of sto c *** o
Is it possible that nobody talks about it? Do not you think it's time to secure that passage? It was just a matter of time! So many times I risked investing me because motorists do not stop ...
the session is over
Me and the September session
Should a girl be ashamed of being a virgin for almost 25 years?
For all those cerebrolesi! 😂
CAUTION
Prefer the "how" to "why" ...
I lost a pandora bracelet recently, by chance has three pendants?
Romantic looking girl for the concert of Thegiornalists.
Creation of pre-eighteenth video in progress yesterday at each one
I would like to tell the owner of the car in a photo that is a huge asshole without the slightest respect for his colleagues at the university. I guess your ego is really disproportionate to park a car where there are two.
Current situation
Hello I have a question to ask, if someone of you has had direct experience ... the question is you recommend or advised against staying in the house of the student? 😜
I do not know who took the picture, nor where it was taken. I only know that anyone who has been making herring-flavored ice cream has to go to hell
But are the preliminaries really so important? 😋
I LOOK HELP: Hello everyone I do computer engineering and I'm in the first year, in a few days I have written exam of physics 1, if someone can "HELP me" that morning like and will be contacted! Thank you!
Contact me!
Hello everyone I wanted to know if the salanitro professor will make the extension of July 20 of private law, because I checked the reservation and tells me convocation on June 28
But what do vegans / vegetarians know about university life !!
I hate you with all my heart.
Remember to check the folder other messages where you will find the link to access the group whatsapp and already that we have renewed the announcement, comment or put I like to receive the link
Waiter blond de Al alley who lied to me that the pesto was fresh or packaged illusion to know that there is a circle of hell for this .. Pesto not joking 💔
Whoever you are today you have made me the best day!. With a lot of love
Hello, I sell tickets for the concert of The Journalists in Catania on August 4th at 20 euros. Contact i like 🙂
I at the end of the session
The woman must be celebrated every day. How would we do without the female world? For you university students, a nice bunch of mimosas ... # NonFioriMaCFU.❤
Hello! If some girl wants to taste a piece of these cakes and in the meantime to chat, leave a like that the contact! I'm a boy! :)
To the animal that wed a puppy in wednesday and alone in the car while he was at the sheds to dance: DO HIGHLY SCHIFO! You are simply a complaint!
To the usual Spotted commentators I ask: aviti u sbaddu? .A your fan, spacinnatu like you
I tried to start over several times but I'm not succeeding so as to arrive at an easy solution to find a friend in order to unsubscribe from the various dating app!
Reach me to the sea. Help me do things I do not believe in. I swear I have not dreamed of living in a sand castle.
The really bad thing is when you look into the eyes of the girl you love and she says she does not love you anymore.
Put a Like and I will contact you !!! 😬
After reading all these comments against animal violence these days, I almost felt guilty about killing this cockroach when I got out of the shower. Almost, eh.
Hello everyone ... there is some pious soul that can fix the dreads?
I met Chiara a Ct, she says hello!
For the band that was looking for the neomelodico I apply myself
Some loves do not end, they make immense puttantour and then come back ...
I miss you .. I do not see you since January. Who knows how are you, who are you with ..
Nursing: And while the prefabricated 14 at the hospital was a psychiatrist's lesson, a flock of goats crossed the driveway. Will they be hallucinations? This time I really do not know!
P.M. nursing, this draft does not do you justice but you have enchanted me ..
One thing is certain: Kore does not teach a sense of humor
I would like to share with all the colleagues of Agraria that in reality Robertino is none other than Mr. Crocker of the Fanta Parents, even the voice is the same!
The woman is stupid
Goodnight gives you 💋
description: fucking pig
holidays in Ibbizza is for boys, use a conditioner as a table is for students in crisis #cercandoilfrescoadagraria
With a style of motorcycle so it takes a style of parking like that, it can only accompany 🏍😂
When you wait for the results to be published for a long time ..
PIAZZA EUROPA SOLARIUM. Why continue to swim in a pseudo "sewer" despite the BATHING PROHIBITION? 😶
Hi guys, I wanted to share with you a chat between two physics boys of the first, in which one of the two flab out a pearl of wisdom
Spottiamo the genius who put the vodka instead of the bottle 😂
Men who eat the biscuit at the sea. "
That no one tries to deny!
To whom goes a bit of Polish, minimalist brick, of a suicidal writer who died very young ... just you and me ?!
my holidays this year
You Romeo facing the balcony during the gaypride .. show
On the notes of Vasco .. I looked inside a session. And I saw in it confusion. And I understood why you can not do eeeeeh. And that's okay ... without Cfu!
Ok spotta the girl who has previously spilled, now it is made manifest. You know who I am and I want to know you, if you exist send me a message.
In reference to the "scandal" of the sandwich without copyright, Uncle Frank answers ... Many greetings from the "fake globetrotter" as well as "thief of photos of sandwiches" to the anonymous gentleman in yellow! 😘
Bar of the citadel: Arancino pitiful.
UNICT .. "Apparently the goats are not just among the stalls .."
Part 2 - Naples. What job? That of stealing photos from the internet to share them as their own and pretend to be globetrotter?
Faculty of Pharmacy forever in the heart
To you, girl with short brown hair with fringe on the right, wearing a white T-shirt under a light blue denim shirt and you're always in the classroom at DMI ... I tried to tell you that I've blown you 👍
Artistic engineers at DMI
In the meantime, the DMI sits down like that
Many people are looking for you but nobody finds you ... always present, black backpack with studs, sunglasses and carpette. Aspiring engineer, revealed! P.Š. We accept suggestions! 😜
Looking for a boy with a black shirt and camouflage Bermuda spotted on Thursday at CUS at the end of the evening!
Remedy for the heat..When your talent, far exceeds your ambition! 🌞❄⛄😂😆
No matter how dissatisfied you are of your physical appearance, there is always someone ready to make you feel BEAUTIFUL
You only live once! .. Wrong, you live every day, once you die!
Now you can only study by force of the worst sugars and fats
Thus, to restore order
Thank you for existing Tovanniiiii !!
To read to the rhythm of Maria Salvador
And in the meantime to physics ..... after the popular riots of yesterday, it's still ours !! =)
mbare half a pizza you left, you sbagghiata.
Catania never ceases to amaze us !!
A few days ago a teaching, a clear example of hygiene 😨
"Let's learn from the children", "Children know what they want", "Children know how to dream", etc.Let the pounds and all of them in ammari!
Tonight you tow with nonchalance
Next carusi everyone accussed or next exam!
#manonvaffruntate?
My beach holidays this year
Bathroom of the DMI, we wait for nature to resume its spaces?
It's strange to think that the best part of the day is when two girls give me a can of tuna
Pearls of wisdom in the library at DEI
Good afternoon spotted .... I give you this creative pearl from the engineering department. Here's what happens when the wifi does not work for a whole day.
THE WORLD MUST KNOW
When at the university already at 8.10 the work to be done is finished and it is back to the old times
Mensa Oberdan: in the baked chicken there was so much salt that we made it available to others in the condiment stand
Sighted parking attendant with T-shirt of the #FurieRosse of Medicina..Manyone will have paid with the barter
When you decide to start the summer session after a year of mixed misfit, but greater forces prevent you from doing so.
The title of mister palio is only his. Grande Vit 🎉😂
If meritocracy in Italy works, the title of Mister Palio d'Ateneo should have won you.
Sighted Rosita to the citadel 😂😂😂
Blonde girl with a prosperous breast who come to study in the evening at the Crucifix of the Miracles in a noisy classroom. Do the miracle, WASHED!
Hope lives in the soul of those who feed it. It is utterly useless to stubbornly understand a blurred reality. The courage and the desire to change lies in the hearts outside.
Wednesday, June 7, silent studio classroom, science building, you were dressed in black and studs mrdicina .. Know that you made a shot
Here is a pearl of wisdom (ignorance) from an almost "engineer".
Go further. That the physical does not last forever beautiful and firm, the heart is
Yesterday I forgot an Asus magazine in the silent Economy study room, did anyone take it?
Situation at the Biological Tower ... Ready for the summer session
When even the station panel has a better mood than yours ...
Coldplay ticket exchange with one for Amor Fou. No time wasters. Yes, plaid.
would you recommend a hairdresser in via etnea or via san giuliano?
I am increasingly aware of how today's mothers have stopped using spoonfuls.
When you have an Arab coiquilino at home and the summer session is approaching! . (Do not pay attention to the rumors)
In the meantime, someone fucks money. Good guys!
Block the bus in the middle of the road because the cart must go up .... # SOLOACT
But who were those guys running around with the Spanish flag screaming Juve shit 😂😂
Let's play a game: take your smartphone, open your playlist on spotify or your music folder and put random play. Post below the first 3/5 songs that come out. Let's see what the average university attends.
Living with me. You're right. You're not that simple. It's never been for me. I thought it more than you, it was possible. And stop crying.
Hello chemistry girl of the third year, we met in the cafeteria for a pizza.I want to say thank you, because you distracted me from a heavy day
Is it for Chinese students' snack?
Engineering study classroom When one would like to study but then read certain things that distract you
Understand that in the end the world is beautiful when you see Scarlett
Explain how the mopeds have to go out, it takes a degree to know where to park ???
Dark-haired girl with wavy hair who studied with headphones in front of a Mac Tuesday 30 at the physics department, we looked at a couple of times if you recognize leaves a like!
I point out a beautiful chestnut and eat near the Biological Tower, when you feel the desire for horse but via Plebiscito seems far away, why not cook comfortably at the University?
In the meantime at the Biological Tower ...
In response to yesterday's spotted: despair is not an excuse to drink ignorant beers!
Tell me I'm not the only idiot who thought about amt male and female tickets ❤😂😂
Because in Agraria there is no need to smoke to get high
When despair is so much that the only comfort is the ignorant food and beer!
DMI students who leave glasses everywhere explain to me what the fuck of problems do you have?
Can anyone tell me where I can find a Fidget Spinner in Catania?
I lost a glove like this some time ago in the citadel. Most likely between the Cus and the engineering plexus. If someone had found him please comments, so that you can track him down ...
Search for home and affection!
Deported from his home, vergoniaaa!
It all depends on how you choose to look at the world!
Guys, would someone know how to call the guy circled in the picture?
In the meantime, you love yourself, the art and the music that badly do not do 😌
The engineering guy circled in the picture .. We noticed this morning at the CUS you have a not indifferent savoir-faire if you leave us a like
Gentlemen, the hit of the university summer !!
"WE ARE A MAN AND WE ARE LOOKING FOR TWO WOMEN". How do you publish these ads on a university bulletin board?
Tonight, the canteen Oberdan offered us this sublime cut of meat accompanied by such delicate and refined vegetables: ADVANCED PARSLEY AND CARROT BOWS. . Obviously there are no words to describe that 'flavor'.
However, regardless of the department for which you play, we all wanted to thank you, for us Miss Palio d'Ateneo you are!
Today in San Giovanni Li Cuti
Boys and girls who run the villa bellini we create a group whatsapp to know each other and train together leave a like if interested thanks
Short sad story
Good thing that you use the precautions, but how cazzp fuck us nell'enjoy ??? Also the paid locations ...
If you need a Cupid I assure you that without effort I will find you the boyfriend, succeeds except with me, for the girlfriends I could try. Proven experience in the field. It is known that Cupid remains alone but at least the love of others triumphs.
Thanks to the genius who did this. Really, if I had not been there I'd have to dry my hands on my pants .. (of course I'm sarcastic)
Sighted Ass near the teaching at the citadel
Beautiful places to visit in the province of Catania?
"There is someone who no longer knows what a man is" pt.2
#traffic I created this pic to explain the way in which traffic jams are often formed in Catania. Just a simple behavior to avoid them: do not occupy the intersection (or the roundabout) if you can not release it immediately after!
Dark-haired girl who wed volleyball in the theater square on Wednesday night, know that you are really pretty
But is mine alone a more boring relationship than the one between Kripstak and Petrektek?
University Citadel !! The proximity of the exam session starts to make you feel 😂
Strange things happen during pathology lessons ... or rather, I should say vomitology! If you really can not avoid turning on your colleagues, at least do not eat shit at lunch ahahahahah no vabe I can not stop laughing
This is the only thing you need to do to conquer a woman!
Because "only in Catania do you have things". And to think that me and my friend, naive offspring, we went to the playa to study, not to then get on the urban and enrich ourselves with so much folklore.
When they tell you that you've finished the jig
"I just wanted to disappear in a hug."
Interbus Syracuse-Catania 11 am. The dark-haired guy who sat in the second row. .I am the girl with the white shirt you spoke with, I got off the bus without even introducing myself. Leave a like!
What do you think?
Are you the MiniMoric?
PIAZZA UNIVERSITÀ in the village set up by Corri Catania: runcard stand, Girl of the curly staff, dark complexion ... what is your name?
When even tea is discriminated for being black
We continue to finance the parties!
I swear it does not count the game. I swear I just star with you
As beautiful as it is relatively modern are the famous glass windows of engineering, inside they hide the disgusting
Hello! Some girl who would like to take a nice milkshake "Pan di Stelle" ??? leave a like that I contact you! I'm a Boy! :)
Find yourself at the oberdan entrance after lunch! You can find them at the bar!
TRENITALIA ARRIVES ALSO IN LATE OF CENTURIES!
ALSO FOR THIS WEEK THE LESSONS ARE FINISHED!
This life destroys me!
# DIPCHI..A who wrote "And I touch", whoever you are, thank you for having gladdened our workshop day.
Tonight (and forever) so 😂😂
It arrived like this, without any challenge in progress. And we publish 😂😂
The cat is safe! Thank you
Does anyone know where to practice table tennis (ping pong) at a competitive level? Preferably near Piazza Borgo, but in case even in more distant places
The message I left today on this Citadel machine. For those who want them, you can contact me
One thing: why?
Morning finds at the citadel parking lot
Guys, good evening to everyone. Feel one thing, but I'm Basula Fest that's next Tuesday is as beautiful as they say?
Hello people, is there anyone who would like this kitten? Unfortunately I can not keep it because I already have another big one. It is very good and very sweet. Help me, comment if interested.
Do you know the places where you can run and train here in Catania?
Cittadella. Fines are not paid but burned
Č.B. of communication of culture and entertainment, instead of sending arrowheads on spotted an examination of conscience. You loyalty and sincerity do not even know where they are at home. Now you can continue to talk with the various Salvo, Renato, Andrea and various cocks. PS: Nakanaide 😉
At the Toscano Scuderi university residence
Today so waiting to take the oral exam!
When I have to study on a Saturday afternoon ...
Are you ready for the exams ?????
What is the university thing that makes you react like that? 😂😂
To you today April 6, in front of the agrarian stop, during the downpour, I tell you that you stole my heart .... With that cigarette in hand and that iPhone that you handled so carefully .. we exchanged a thousand looks but I was stunned.
A special greeting from us young female students off-site who to react to the devastating session we enjoy (in a balcony of central Catania) the first rays of the Sun! ☀️ #unict
Sighted at the multi-storey car park of the Policlinico, new vintage model of Opel corsa 2017. It is said that the first buyer is from Acireale .. Signed: La Talpa
Even today we have lunch tomorrow !! Cittadella canteen situation 5/4/2017, 1.29pm
Today I'm celebrating my birthday and tonight I'm celebrating like that. Who comes?
Here's what will happen to many of us in the coming weeks during the ongoing tests
When the weeks before the in itinere tests do not change anything between Sunday and Monday ...
Faculty of Medicine..A.V. in these days, more intense looks
A few months ago at the Oberdan ... "I can not go down or climb, nor get off it!"
For the series: the roommates refuse to throw the bottles of water inventing a kind of new modern art
When it does not exceed any subject and seek tactical diversions
Why are the tortellini in the canteen so salty?
Does anyone know what the name of the guy with a beard and glasses is working in via Napoli?
The immeasurable feeling in being able to bring four crates of water walking from the supermarket at home without dying while ...
What do you think of the 26th and 27th as votes ??? 🙄
Is there a kind of reimbursement by the ESU concerning the students who can not participate in the exam due to cagotto induced by the canteen meatballs?
But is it possible that now there are only girls with a totally empty skull (totally stupid and geese)? Desperately looking for a girl with a minimum of brain !!!
I have just discovered after two years of relationship that my (now ex) boy has betrayed me.Eh nothing I just wanted to say this.Ciao Catania. ♡
"Since Baggio no longer plays, and since the Werewolf (Sic) no longer makes events in Trecastagni, it is no longer Sunday."
Paolo of 25, you are a heavenly vision for all of us Benedictine students !!
Friday 17, library bellini, afternoon ... boy with blond tuppetto, unveiled!
The worst sentence your girlfriend can pronounce? "My best friend left off"
Just in this minute at the oberdan canteen! Between dirty cutlery and poor food sooner or later some illnesses come.
Looking for a serious girl with which to fry octopus, since I can not cook well. No time wasters or girls who put the ham in the carbonara.
Looking for people for accollativi group. People with whom to go out despite the exam session to get to know each other and to enlarge the group of friends. Like and I will contact you
Someone goes to the Megadeth concert, on August 8th, in Sesto San Giovanni?
There are times when you just want to disappear, well, this is one of those 😞
How do you explain how your land is to those who are not from your land?
To women who would be happy to see men with menstruation, I would like to try the male libido for at least five days, just to see what is worse
In the meantime at the Oberdan.
Graduating in Medicine looking for new knowledge for the exchange of interests, albeit well calatins and letters, commented or I like that I contact you 😎 (I have the car)
how cute is the boy in the classrooms service of the Vittorio Emanuele Hospital, I just passed you, I have semiaiotic examinations in the surgical clinic 😘
Guys I found this bracelet / USB stick in the medical study room. Tomorrow I will give it to the technicians of the classrooms.
Someone who listens to Madman is willing to go to the industries on the 23rd? I'm a girl
Eeeee niente Our dear marcuccio, known by many as "Saluta Antonio" has created his page on Facebook / opened a YouTube channel. It's over
When you open your Perugia kiss and find this.
I propose the citadel shuttle for students "sfiiniti"
It seems that someone has remained a bit 'bad Valentine's Day. Poor Flinky.
There is nothing more beautiful than making love with a bigger woman, unique experience!
All easy going to see 50 shades in the cinema, but you do and you live your 50 shades of anxiety because you're in session.
Directly from the women's bathroom of the Faculty of Humanities
Dept. of Chemistry, I met you yesterday, February 14th. You had to take the organic exam (2 I think), you waited anxiously on the stairs. You are very very pretty!
In response to the post I would say F. V. and V. M.
Petition for lynching against those who use the term "chapeau". Put "Like" to join. Who will do it.
Here's what I and my colleagues found as we entered a classroom of the Biological Tower 😅
How come to Valentine's Day are the boys always doing something for their girlfriend while the girls do nothing?
Are there any girls from the University of Catania who are now studying in Ravenna? Step forward!
Boy looking for people to go out in the evening ..nn I know a lot of people I usually stay at home but I would like to reverse this habit .. put a like :)
c.c.a. jurisprudence last year ... appearance of the lessons to see you again (former leather jacket). without even more beautiful equipment
Girls, me and a friend of mine, we have two free tickets (drinks included) for an evening at the V-bonà. If you want to have fun, dance and make new friends leave a like!
DIDACTIC study roomThis story of pigeons is getting out of hand. First the facebook home, now also the university.
Help my roommate F.A.
The secret to passing an exam with 30, is to answer "thermostat" to each question
Palace fortune economy department: after having built the study classrooms, please also build the desire to study
Those who are accustomed to accuse, to be good-natured, when the first good-natives are not the other goodwives, but themselves ... ADDEVIIII
Ok, but so I can not study!
The most beautiful ass of the unic?
In your opinion better economy, business administration or engineering?
But do you think it is still possible to meet a person in a club or on the street, without being taken for madmen? It seems that now, everyone prefers to know each other via chat 😕
Dedicated to F.G of the first year of Science and Languages ​​for Communication. I'm your Ciccio Cozza, do you want to be my Reggina? ❤️
I'm a simple student: I do not understand, I stress everything
- "Ketchup and mayonese?" - "No, only mayonese" And that was how the paninaro, not caring, put ketchup and mayonese.
Study rooms open on Saturdays and Sundays? Do you know if the one in via Oberdan will reopen sooner or later?
advice to university students: do not ever tell your colleagues who have cellulitis, you risk that you do not pass the notes to pass an exam ...
I spring talking about "confusion", then gets back with the ex (believing I do not know) and keeps looking for me. Will this broth last? But are games that are made? ..
I'm a guy who would like to meet some girl I'm pretty shy
Anyone interested in playing tennis in the morning or early afternoon at the CUS camps in Catania?
I am a simple university student. I have to study a subject, look for the film u.u
I'm looking for a model to shoot a short film, which has style similar to the girl that appears in "Horoscope", Calcutta.Anzi, without short film.
That moment when you look for an Enjoy to go to the station, but you do not find it because they are waiting for you at the station.
But what trouble of problems do people have to line up in the morning in Italy for a pair of shoes?
Did you notice that you all have and do not have anyone?
... I thought I had found you, you seemed perfect, the first girl you met who liked, among other things, even Van Gogh. But, damn it to you, nun me cacacasti. 😂😂😂
You were spotted on February 10th in the Bellini Library ... you came out and to get yourself a spift you went away putting yourself under the trees ... Let me find the next one I offer it!
Looking for Anima GemellaPS: Who proposes?
We have only one occi right? Untici novempre ...!
A good thing you did it ... you're gone! ☺A good dictionary a few words
"F. back here ... ♡♡♡ Too much waste of beauty and intelligence in the hands of anyone I have already seen.:)"
Good evening, Calabrian boys (more precisely of the province of Vibo) who study like me in Catania there are?
But are there "nerd" girls? Possibly videogame sick?
What a shitty day! First my boyfriend leaves me and then the great D'Alessio comes out from sanremo! But how do you throw out the best I say?
I understood that for now you do not want to go out, then we do something more romantic, we want to launch the fashion of the girl with the most beautiful hands? We await your photos!
When the fashion starts to come out here on Spotted? A nostalgic student ..
Guys I'd like to do a little survey. Who would you vote between the PD and the M5S? I would also like to hear the opinion of members in political science. Constructive comments if possible. Thank you.
hello guys you want to ask a question: it is considered a failure not to graduate with 110 to a specialist degree?
I am looking for a boyfriend for special friendship! Reserved and out of every gay ride!
Citadel parking When "Beginner" is too embarrassing, and solve everything with personality! Ps.Yes, those who adorn the "P" are rhinestones.
If you forget how you go to the bathroom: instructions for use in political science
Even after a year, I have not forgotten you. Those afternoons with the sun, your s fever and your unmistakable scent. Today as strangers, life!
I looked for you, then I stopped, but I know you exist somewhere. Like me Celtic soul filled with punctually annihilated dreams.
U.K. "The twin" you are really an interesting girl .... Let yourself be seen more often at leo events
Beer and perfect paired pizza
Hello! Is not that by chance there is someone here who will go to Marco Masini's firm, day 21, at Feltrinelli? I would come from Ragusa, but I was looking for company arrived there ...
The busiest of the unic?
Tips to increase the desire to study for an upcoming exam?
Once I was a normal, sunny and carefree guy: I was joking, I was always laughing, I loved life ... then I discovered the girls.
Agrigentini let yourself feel !!!
Have you ever thought about wanting a friend who is older than you who can also be a guide ...?
On behalf of all the dmi, we thank the medical girls who came yesterday from us. We have at least redone the eyes a little.
We laugh and joke, take for a ride those of science training, political science, etc ... but food science is the only true science of snacks raga, do not beat!
Try to repeat it aloud ✌
I would like to tell the two guys that today they were practically about to fuck around 17 at the CUS tent that there are houses and that the university is a public place. Poorita virtus est!
Do lawyers from Roccaromana spend their summer in Roccalumera?
* telefilm * I address you spotted people! I would like to see a beautiful fantasy show with intriguing romance! Style "the sword of truth" for those who know it ... Thanks😃
I was looking for a girl who was studying in Ragusa I was willing to meet
Looking for a boy, 20 <age <22, talented and able to make sweets to satisfy my culinary needs! Step forward! ❤
boy of pharmacy that yesterday was in the deprive of the hangar, revealed!
Today I'm going, and I'm not going to hyper, this is the day ... !!!
We receive and publish from the editorial office
Say hello Andonioooooooo ... !!!!!!
We want to see the Ravestar Supreme perform at the Benedictines
Ryanair Rome-Catania flight of 9 February. You, beautiful blonde girl cheering juve: if you read, put me like it! you have a beautiful smile :)
What do you think of Maria De Filippi in Sanremo?
Citroen motorbike parking spaceMbare sbagghiatu!
How we care about love From dating And then comes when I think ...
Some like: Star Wars, Game of Thrones, The Walking Dead, Rick and Morty and Rock music?
I saw you at 2 girls attending the bodyflex gym on Monday 6. You are mind-boggling ... I hope you are also university students. Leave it a like for yes and no maybe we'll hear ...
We are the Erasmus boys of the canteen Vittorio Emmanuele who signed the petition. However we want to know when "Estarás en casa caliente". 😃
Hi guys, is there any of you in Rome? I'm a boy from Catania and I'm looking for company to go out
Sources of Calvizia: Genetic FactorMalionsTechnical ConditionsSURNINGWORK.
I am a simple boy: I attend the Pegasus university and I consider my preparation on a par with any other state university
For the many who seek a miracle
When you live in Cibali opposite the most bordellaro bar where the ultras meet before the match, but you have the winter session and then LALALALA-LALALALA-GO CATANIA OLÈ ......
I do not know about you but I see many LOVERS with the other partners !! 😱😂😝
I am 22 years old and I am a nice guy, those girls I like myself I like blonde, black hair, skinny, beautiful, secs [...] I work, I go to the vineyards and I am a cute boy, and
There was something that did not actually matter
Looking for someone on the 15th to see the concert of Liga (parterre). I, like a fool, I'll be alone, put like that is organized!
To you, blonde that yesterday took the documents in the study hall of the E.R.S.U. of the citadel I would like to say only one thing ... complimentoni alla mamma !!!!
Today I'm not looking for girls I only want lots of credits. I'm an engineering student, I have a car, I'm tall and thin.
Do you know where I can find a study room where there is a grave silence (preferably a village area)? Thanks in advance to who will answer me.
Post for the bartender of the CUS with straight black hair and glasses, you're really lovely! If you recognize yourself you put me I like the post 😍
Hi spotted, I was very intrigued by the post
Is there any of you who found a soul mate with spotted?
Looking for a boy / girl with whom to go off the road in motocross. ... given that I'm off-site and I have no colleague who practices this activity ...
Porno on the mobile phone .. we have it? I LIKE it = SAFE = NO
Any girl or boy who would like to play tennis training matches in Catania?
Hi, in response to the post
Useless, the girls of biancavilla are the TOP ... Forza biancavillote go ahead, make me like and you will be contacted (abstain people of adrano, paterno or catania). I want only the biancavillote!
I have the face of a letter in a world of mail. A guy a little nostalgic.
Engineering bar: Santini finds various after the Agatine festivities
When you understand that you have fucked up the winter session ....... and the poor sandwiches are always getting in the way
The Rimandated. For better or for worse.
They make me get a Nazism to those who send a message, visualize or even deign to respond for a minimum of education. Without respect.
Worse than the phrase "anonymous please" there is "ask my name to the administrators"
During the session even the centrifuge becomes interesting! Ps: it was so 17 min!
We have tuning fans?
Let us remind the maidens who can blow their noses even without playing the symphony. But you do not make yourself sick to hear that annoying noise ?! 🤧
Please, publish anonymously anonymous thanks to the * text removed because you requested the anonymous 2 times *
I would like to talk with you about paranormal phenomena. How many of you believe to have lived a paranormal experience or to have witnessed UFO demonstrations?
Who wants to fish and fish?
WikiHow recognizes both styles, raga shawl!
I am a 25 year old boy and I have never had a female friend. If someone is interested in being my friend, leave me a like.
Girl who friday 3/02 out of the gym ekipe around 21 ... We exchanged a look at the entrance ... I would like to know who you are ... If you recognize yourself like or something like that
You were waiting for him
The story of "watching but not touching" must end, dorco pio! that the pea went to me in layoffs ...
I would like to become an administrator. Can it be?
Absolute tranquility !!!
But once did not do whatsapp groups in which it was possible to make new acquaintances, exchange two talks, etc? Anyone who knows something says it :)
It is scientifically proven that private law is able to remove years of life!
Spottediani, assemble! Who among you is playing that cool Resident Evil 7?
DMI study room. Girl with glasses and Asus laptop full of stickers. I want to tell you that you are too distracting me ... keep doing it, at least make my study hours less boring!
I've always felt an attraction, but I've never had the chance to meet or go to a curly girl, would anyone like to start a conversation? Leave a like if you like it :)
Hypothesis: we human beings never fall in love with the people from whom we receive attentions, but we are always following the wrong one / o. Waiting for the demonstration
Yesterday was elected the new rector of the university and this morning I have updated the statement of taxes by increasing the amount to pay ... inchiaaa ... mancu u tempu !!! let's start well!
Ring engineering education 01-02-2017They call it democracy
The next one who publishes "I am a simple person" accompanied by a stupid sentence will be reported to the international court for crimes against humanity.
Library Do you have an absorbent?
You with the sambuca yesterday in the engineering studio, you could offer!
I'm a boy and I'm looking for a guy to go and see 50 shades of black, someone available? :)
Boy with denim shirt, yellow jacket and curly hair that yesterday 01/02/2017 you were in the study room of the engineering department building 14 ... I'm looking for you everywhere!
... or we publish the first name and surname, it is still to be seen. 😂
In the study room in Via Androne
Hi spotted boy
Under every spotted post there is always someone who wants to make you laugh ... but that punctually seems delayed
2 hiring interns look for 2 lovable damsels with whom to invest the hardly earned expenses reimbursement. Benefit accepted but not essential.
Study room via carondaRagazzo with the hat that studies at the department of pharmacy and make the DJ, you're my idol!
Come out the name of the two guys who work at Feltrinelli. The blond and the dark guy with a beard, thank you!
I take the cfu with the exams, if you have exams you have the cacarella, if you have the cacarella the exam is bad and if the exam goes wrong, nothing is a cure; ERGO: you're eternally in the shit ...
I look for a girl to go and see 50 shades of black in the cinema.
Samvise Gamgee I LOVE YOU, only you will understand
But the real question is: why do not you still understand that there is no need to ask to write in anonimooooo ??? 😂
In these days when we talk a lot about immigration it is useful to return to the classics
Girl looks for girls / girls by study group
I have been wondering for some time if there is any girl singing lyrical 😏
For the Calatini: "ONLY THE SCALAAA YOU HAVE ONLY THE SCALE! ONLY THE SCALE HAVE ONLY THE SCALE!" N.B read with stadium tone
The most difficult promise is certainly "I will never get tired of you and all this" Please do not say it lightly
Only photography has been able to divide human life in a series of moments. "
Highlight ok, but do not abuse it. Your eyes will thank you
Do you know if it is possible to go running to the CUS, in the field, even if not registered in the gym there by them?
Hi, I do not have any particular interests, you can tell me about places or activities where you can go, even alone, and meet girls. Thank you
Am I wrong to hope that I will meet someone who will upset my life?
However, the "abusive" caretaker of the citadel earns much more than we "hopeful undergraduates" will earn.
Ergo Valentina Nappi a contemporary philosopher!
Boy with gray t-shirt sitting at the Camelot Restaurant along with two supposed parents, big brown eyes, Saturday night. if you recognize yourself, leave a like! You really hit me 😊
First off-site student rule
"Choose a job you love and you will never have to work one day in your life."
I'm a fan of skiing so I'm looking for someone who wants to play tennis for a 5-a-week football match this weekend for Tuesday. If you recognize yourself, leave a like
I would like to write a post in response to the people who used the spot
Directly from the first floor of block 2 of the dmi
To you that yesterday at Feltrinelli at about 2.00pm, you played at the piano ... I wanted to thank you for giving me a few minutes of inner peace.
In Catania the streets are arranged only in two moments: the day before the elections and the day before my examination.
When you finish Scottex at home and you do not want to leave because you know you did not pass the exam
BIOLOGICAL TOWER vistu c'aviti vintidui years each, quannu finiti ri sturiari, munnizza puttatavilla!
The shit roommate is the one who is desperate about books
26/01 Roccaromana, close-up, blonde girl with red glasses. I understand that you like to show everyone how good and beautiful you are to repeat, but there is a moment when you shut up?
She is engaged .. but looks for you !! You answer her and she replies that she can not see you nor send you msg because she is engaged. But you girls, what problems do you have ????? :)
Mensa Oberdan, 26 January. You were having dinner alone in the corner at the back of the table, you had a blue shirt; if you recognize yourself and you want to talk try to get noticed
Serious party in via gravina 183 / A. For those who want to aggregate beat a fucking like👍🏻
I am looking for the girls who yesterday morning (26 January) were at Catania airport for the unicef ​​stand ... if you have left us a liking
Of course, those who do not care about anything, or worse, never interested anything, it's easy to say "you have to forget me". Bah..
In the meantime ... in the study room at the dmi
Can anyone tell me who made these, near the Vittorio Emanuele?
But decide a bar as a meeting point for students who live near the citadel? Like the MacLaren's Pub in how i met your mother? What do you think? We all go naked so we recognize each other
Has anyone found a bunch of keys?
When love takes but the bed does not hold (for readers I am 1.80 m for 70 kilos, she 1.75 m for 65 kilos)
Found bunch of keys before the gravina overpass. For those looking for the keys are at the bar of the student house of the citadel! Good luck mbaa !! 😁
University students, big and vaccinated that take days and weeks to change their photos with We do not "hang out" too much, which then we do not recognize you anymore with affection.
I think the administrators of spotted are trying to read the stories you write anonymously and to stalk yourself on Facebook. 😂😂 I too want to become an administrator!
Hi, I want to make friends. With hackers, cute and funny. Ps: The password of the neighbor must be mine. Thanks in advance.
To the author of I see that my Ex has found a new boyfriend! Quiet, as soon as the soft passes them.
"The habit of keeping that shoulder slightly raised you never took off I see ... :)"
I fell in love with the sister of a colleague of mine; every time I can convince him to go and study at his house. And nothing, I passed the subject with 30 and praise.
You're in the gym and suddenly you hear a girl say: "It's hot, I almost put myself topless". And nothing, then maybe they even feel a dick and a half ...
Ideas for Valentine's Day 😍😍
Wanted occasional and temporary boyfriend to exchange gifts on Valentine's Day.😂😂Ps: we are two, no time wasters AHAHAHAHAHAHA
Then we see each other and refuse me for the physical appearance.
Was the egg or the hen born first? Existential dilemmas at the DAU Engineering Department.
Hello everyone ... I'm looking for some group on whatsapp to make new virtual friends :-) I remember that here we were talking a lot ... Hello everyone
Only I hate the fact that people know each other (or "girlfriend") thanks to the help of a social network? Let me know if I'm the strange one or if there are other people who like me hate text messages etc.
Hello, do you want to go and see "your name" by Makoto Shinkai at Alfieri Tuesday 24 or Wednesday, January 25? My friends apparently have commitments. I'm a boy.
Do you know open classrooms in the evening where you can repeat or play trump? thank you so much!!!
Survey on women: If you were forced to choose, would you prefer the tender and sentimental man or the man who knows how to fuck ?!
It will not last, UniCT and KORE are natural enemies like the Syracusans and the Catanesio the Calatini and the Catanesio the Acitani and the Catanesio the Catanesi and other Catanesi ... ..
I love long-haired guys.
The typical characteristics of the dead cat ?? Do you recognize them immediately?
DMI: Everyone to download like the damned! Cursed ... but you do not have internet at your home? : D To load a page 20 years!
The engineering student does not cut his hair, the engineering student has no time and lets them fall
A few minutes ago just outside the citadel, in Via Santa Sofia
I do not care what you can be for me, the important thing is that you always be there ♥
Wednesday, January 18, Roccaromana, you helped me to open the handle of the exit of the faculty, I'm the boy ricciolino, who are you?
Do we have any Star Wars fans?
DmiSei Library simply beautiful.
We would have been perfect if you had not been the wrong one!
The municipality of Catania, in collaboration with Vault-Tec Industries, opens - in case of nuclear olocasto - an anti-atomic bunker inside Villa Bellini.
Hello! Do any of you know any studio with internet connection near via Passo Gravina / via etnea?
Practitioner in the red coat, let them be the chancellors ...
Looking for an expert in economic political geography for thesis assistance and advice
I am a girl of 20 years and I am looking for people to run to villa bellini. Put me like and you will be contacted. 😊
To a woman, if you touch her brain, you've already put her hands everywhere.
We have cold? Are we studying? Do we have any style? We fuck we have everything OKAY ??
Precarious conditions🙏
since my friends have all got engaged and have disappeared .. I'm looking for new friends to go out in a group for cinema, bowling, aperitifs, disco, drunk .. no people smooth thanks xD
M.V. of agrarians, this morning you were making blood with that collar, I would have happily took you for a walk with me
Yesterday 17/01 I found this in the female bathroom of teaching on the ground floor. Now they have it in the gatehouse :)
Be determined and determined, but also realists 😂😂
I want grappa in the machines!
Based on a true story .. Dimmerda housemates
Which of you usually go to the events of the Blow Rock?
Who understands the image at the bottom left is my friend regardless
IN. of Economy I follow you on social networks and I know that you love pizza, I would like to take you out to eat one but I do not know how to meet you, maybe this is the worst way ...
80 desire to cry
Looking for person / s with whom you can go and see 「君 の 名 は」 aka 「Your Name」.
In that of roccaromana
January 16th. The Benedictines are the Penguins.
Today because of the wind the sock flew from the drying rack! It was striped white, red and black ... R.I.P sock, teaches the feet how to stay warm
Only me after shaving can I study better?!?!
In response to the post .... Too easy to answer talking about the beauties of Syracuse and / or Ortigia .... compared to your .... but .... I miss the football v'arrestò! (See photo below)
Hello everyone! I was wondering if anyone found love thanks to spotted. S.
According to you is a cake or a panettone?
guys a strong doubt ... this for you is a cake or a panettone?
Are we passionate about journalism?
What happens when the "pizza bottom" is literally "ONLY THE SHOES" Directly from 'mensa oberdan'
A way, many memories ... especially you, a student away from home, back in your home .. when I see you again :(
Reply to the mail "prize on the day of memory" dell'Usu
This happens when you do not have a shit to do and return to prehistory.
Sighted Roman girl with hair collected in Languages, comparative literature lesson, lesson time from 10:00 to 12:00 today if you recognize me you put a like
I dropped a so deadly that the fake flowers are wilted too.
Correction of the post It will have made me pass the anxiety but the exam has also taken away from me the knowledge of the time
Curly girl with ice-blue eyes that today 14/01 passed near Palazzo Fortuna know only that your look made me pass the pre-exam anxiety
Question of the day: what do you think of the degree in physiotherapy?
Study room of Political Science, via Dusmet: Are there no heating systems? It is not normal to have to study with the jacket I'm wearing. Should I bring the heater?
Agraria and surroundings Is there anyone who knows how to fix the dreads? 🙏
Hello everyone! I finished reading last month fahreneit 451, which among other things I recommend, but after I could not find any books that convince me, do you have any advice to give me?
Spotted girl:
eh nothing, diprè to the kore is already laughing like that
Boys because with a cute girl you try without problems, and with a more beautiful and very courted do not do anything and you just look at it? Wait for her?
Red that at 9:15 in the morning, in via Case Sante, was about to get on a 500. Unni si?
An applause to those who "if you do medicine bad trailers" ... The only thing "bad" are the (minimum) 6 years of study ... To know it before I chose philosophy or letters
The home made warmer! Jar with hot water inside the sock.Testimony of 3 female students in crisis
Maleficent object. Give me sunglasses, I lost a couple of diopters to keep it near the bed ..
For E.S of the Department of Humanities: What do you think of dedicating yourself to uninvolved cocks? <3
PostSe girl, you want to know me, ask the administrators for their names.
Go to Roccaromana to fold the gownSecond you also have the car? "Stassi na life to say mha" 😂
Even the department knows where we're going to work.
Every year the same story !!
Curly girl, seen near the villa of the parallel street of Via Etnea, immersed in your thoughts with the phone, with a backpack, you do not need to show off, just know that you are beautiful.
Looking for company for tonight .. I'm a boy from the first year out of office and I was wondering if there was someone willing to go out, even for a simple beer
Why do you guys curb your emotions and feelings and do not easily explain them, just to feel "virile"? It turns out that the girl does not understand what you are feeling and lets you lose
You can also guess, but it's much nicer to hear that ..
[Snow in Catania ... TRUE STORY] Daddy dad get me the coffee caroti u pupazzo .... keviniiiiii the caroti sevvunu po cavaddu (scecco, cavadduzzu aka pony)
Could you tell me if there is any study room near piazza lanza? Please
Brief sad story.-I have to go to study for the upcoming session of exams (requiring absolute silence ..) - Pure my brother must study -Lui studies lyric song Fine.
Guys, what are we doing for New Year?
... "You are the most beautiful thing that could have happened in my life" ... cit.
Send me a friend request so we can contact us by message.
Buy all this fantastic "under pen"! You will not regret it.N.B. ideal for all penins😍
Girls and guys who are passionate about street workout here on spotted we have?
Courtyard of psychology
A.A.A Looking for a group of boys to play soccer. Refrain wasters. Put I like or comment and you will be contacted. Republic, thanks.
Is there any girl who wants to go out with another girl tomorrow to make friends? Put me like it and I will contact you
What makes a "boring" girl? The most boring ones you came out with what features they had?
Someone who wants to go and see Niccolò Fabi together on February 27th? Ps I'm a boy.
economics blond, second year and departmental advisor. Make blood. I'll give you some advice: wake up, the faculty is full of girls who want you and you do not notice it ...
Spit all the curvy girls. You are the best and only. Who knows one of the taggos below
But are the study rooms in this period open?
Winter I do not fear you! L.S
I am looking for a boy in flesh (big bones, slow metabolism, call him what you want) to embrace in sad moments.
"They called them engineers"
I would like to know who wants to know who wants to know who are girls who have had all this success at simply
I would like to know who wants to know who are girls who have had all this success at Simply
Department of computer science, even the professors want a gift from Santa Claus
From home Stalker here is our sixth roommate called jean paul and is a professional schef who loves Christmas. ❄️Ps. This is our Christmas spirit, because we LOVE Christmas!
Bellini the schemes of prof. of political economy that uses the Beatles to make examples 🙃😂 The subject seems almost prettier (and interesting).
"Christmas spirit"
With this, we wish a Merry Christmas to all. Massimo, Dario, Paolo.Ps. There is some small difference with it
19/12/16 dry us or ladies
When poverty afflicts you bitterly and to make the Christmas tree rummaged in the trash bags waiting for a month to be thrown away .. Creativity!
We too are close to poverty. And being university, everything is recyclable and reusable in a thousand different forms. GOOD CHRISTMAS
When you are too poor for € 8 of drying rack ... you arrange!
UNICT: When at 9.30 pm you finish the bottle and you have to prepare dinner. This is engineering.
The Christmas spirit is felt ... To extreme evils, extreme remedies 😂
Lift of engineering "we take a coffee on the corner?"
And that's how the apocalypse broke out ......
Is water lacking and it is raining heavily? Quiet the engineer roommate thinks about it!
"I can neither get off nor go up, neither go down nor go up!" Aldo at the time from outside the Oberdan.
It's Christmas, we're running out of money but there are NO shit roommates who make the Christmas tree for 1 euro
Underpass of via gravina
For all the students of the department (ex Agraria) on December 25, many credits under the tree as a gift !!!
When construction and architecture students improvise Engineers ....
I would still give a prize, despite the fine 😂
Department of Mathematics. November 29.Mbare, you sbagghiatu.
For the Municipality of Acicastello in addition to the "adverse meteorological conditions" ... one day lasts 26 hours
Thanks for the gesture, I would like to know who you are!
Found peacock on the 3rd engineering floor, the owner identifies himself
In the face of commuters!
For lovers of the saga and exasperated university students here is the last sequel: D
They called them graduation partiesLake the disgustingLasciavan the loathingThey called graduation parties They left the crap on everything
They stole the doormat and I stole them from everyone in the building.
Alternative methods of study 💪🏽 greetings from the Department of Pharmacy
Department of Pharmaceutical SciencesPeople of the new graduates pt.2New decorative garden items
A short sad story. Will we ever be able to look away from that screen ?! I advise you to watch the video from which I took this image. The title is "Are you lost in the world Like me?"
Problem solving for dishes
Building: High engineering
And scientifically proven, studying so much hurts
Department of Pharmaceutical Sciences A special thanks to the peanut relatives of the graduates who, seeing the pitiful conditions of the bathrooms, decide to leave at least the sparkling wine ... 😑
When you fight between the desire to sleep and to graduate.
Years and years of struggle, and then I find myself having to order an arancinA from Savia 😱 there is something that not what! 😒
Trump joined engineering and now we're fucked
Benedictine Monastery: what happened to the first floor?
8 am building of engineering education. All the study room reserved. Unni avisi sturiati ncristianu?
Pff, you only have apple trees to the Benedictines? At the Citadel we have all the apple trees you want!
If someone wanted to put an end to their suffering, please say it, I still have a couple of free pages !! Of course you can also help your colleague in crisis! The choice is yours 😌
University life
University or livestock?
On the enigmatic week this time he won the neutrality
Contemporary poets in Roccaromana
Like when you're in Erasmus and you deceive yourself that you've found a chive at the supermarket. Actually it's what's got apples inside.
25 minutes and 6 people to start a projector 😰
Topolin Topolin live Topolin. Only you Topolin can understand, the thousand thousand dreams of a poverin!
explain to the freshmen (and not) that it would be nice if they went down to the streets as they see who is coming. Thank you
Heaven is no longer granted to me now.
If you have noticed the hurdle in a study hall, then you are unguided.
Answer suitable for all those who at the 7.20 in the morning to the citadel ask me "are you going out?"
We must be specific
What's special about the € 1?
Better not to add anything else
eh nothing of the freshmen of international relations who attend the first lesson of history of the simpsons, conference room via gravina
Today, in front of Le Verginelle, lunchtime ... a nice lady prepares u fucularu!
They called it the engineering department
The image of the day
"Doctors", put down the phones and go to study
I had knocked, no one had said "busy", I entered but the bathroom was not free .. ops 😳
Involution of the human species !!
I (with a fever and no voice) and my colleague we talk about the Microbiology exam that we will face tomorrow ... maybe
Automotivarsi: you are doing it well.
Loves to the Benedictines 😁
You never say no to a beer
I know that you can not pass through this door!
The picture speaks for itself!!
UnictThe only and only salvation for everything ... him .. KAFFÈEEEE?! ☕️
I knew those commissioners had something to hide!
This port-bag was found by the Benedictines, on a bench in the linguistic and Spanish corridor. For those who claim it, it was delivered in the guardhouse
There is something that does not square
For the September session we just have to try them all ...
When the engineers move to the beach in mid-August!
this thing of booking seats is getting away from your hands: directly from Taormina ..
Pig walking for catania..🐷
Jurisprudence Commercial examination I thank the girls who left these two gifts in my shoulder bag, but if I did something bad you could tell me differently😂😂
At Agraria nothing is missing, we also have wild Zubat ...
And then boh .. Go out to catch a pokemon and be disappointed ..
From now on, it's easier to take a degree, just Capture it !!!
When the classrooms are air-conditioned, you study in Ortigia and the heat grips you. Stories of students surviving the summer session ...
These are the true ones
Not because it's summer this thing does not make us angry .... Meriti vergate.
Let's hurry up to graduate, the chance of our life is coming!
And then on the web you find this ..: ')
A girl who does not appreciate a similar gesture, does not deserve anything .... Not to say worse !!!!
I guess it's a lot of car sharing, many did not understand it ...
You who have done this, you deserve 10 thousand locked on the teeth
Do you break the glass of the kitchen door ?! No problem, let's replace it with a poster of the Dolomites to cool off the summer ... ❄️ 😎
Now I also explain the assiduous presence of certain commentators whose likes do not exceed the binary code.
Former engineering student with Carmelite sandal, good in winter with a sock and in summer without.
- Are you making a video? Yes good
physical parking: a cu tu mparau to park?
Dedicated to all those who at
Dedicated to friends, lighter than lighters 😂
Mbare, perfect parking! ;)
At the Oberdan residence alternative methods of sunbathing are proposed for desperate students in full summer session.
The engineering summer session can sometimes be badly taken
to the engineering session the summer session makes us Spanish ... xD
Vigilanti that it is still not clear that Enjoy can stand in the blue stripes ....
ohi cat, I'm sorry but I have nothing to give you: /
When you say "live with your own demons"
Sunday bestslamations
Ramsey is never denied
Alternative ways to survive the summer session
Because you are a Specialeeeee being and I will send you back
You understand that you are a student in crisis in the middle of the summer session when even the flies have a better sex life than yours, and they also slam it in your face !!!
Someone who wants to keep me company to study (in this solitary library)?
When you are late to go to class and the only Brt you see on the street is the express courier
The cars for the depressed students arrive from the summer session in Catania
At 7 o'clock in the evening, after having tried them all without results ... let's try with some shots of tequila to refresh your mind and try to study: / ​​Good session to all!
DMI The most beautiful lesson I have ever followed!
Mathematics is rooted!
Summer session ... we do not fear you !!
This is also Catania! Venghino Signori .. Venghino ...
When you wake up in the morning and understand that you should not have woken up
Exceptional transports on the ss121 "Calamu to Catania or furriamu to misteriancu?"
I do not know whether to comment on the fact that he answered me or the time he took to do it.
When, during the summer session, there are only doves to keep you company.
Go home Catania, you're drunk.
They are attacking some prof to physics. "
Brief sad story of my life.
Because Agraria is also this
Hello to the whole spotted community! Now it is obvious: I am a victim of bullying! What do you recommend?
Alternative methods in the summer session
"I know, you're hungry, come on again, I still have a lot for you" engineering bar
We are preparing for the Benedictines for the summer session .. 🍑
Session is coming and someone wants to help us. Greetings from ABACT
Mbare a yes to home!
Discomfort from summer session
He also looks for a chair
And what am I doing? Listening to the devil or holy water? 😂😂😂
Not even for free people want them ...
Mirage to the Benedictines
Do not be sad.MORE REPUBLICATE from one pizza to another
How to represent my life right now through an image ..
 How crazy about microbiology! Desperate schoolgirls
Casinos - ignorant with desire to have fun Here are the agrarian kids in all their splendor ... We will all sing for our faculty .... We are here we are here we are quaaaaa
Whose child's face is in all the pharmacy machines?
Deep esteem for the creativity of this boy / girl who has thus customized the Topography Book / notebook!
Luxury things for the new degrees at the Department of Economics.
Who took "by mistake" my sunglasses "GRADUATI", from the DIDACTICS of the UNIVERSITY CITIZEN, precious gift, could kindly let me find them in the guardhouse. Thank you so much.
"with FACILI calcoli ..." cit.
The law is the same for everyone 😏😂
Quiet mbare is all your place 👍🏽 Mah😠
Strange presences in the Cannizzaro emergency room ...
When you have the prize and the day after the analysis test and you do not know how to divide yourself 😱
With the fateful and rewarding "boss" the parking attendants also land on the internet ..
But what do the candidates of today know ... Political candidates, of course!
Palace of Sciences, library only people who think to study😂😂
We met in the faculty .. And I must say, that among all the bitches, she is the best.
I will find a puppet in shock post analysis examination 1 in the parking lots of the citadel. To confirm that it was the matter in question the eyes at x.x
The period of Thai cuisine arrives.
They would like them for some likeable candidate
You can publish sexual instincts during the break 🐷UnICT Engineering
Once my teacher told me that everything is relative.
COMPANY ECONOMY. Systems time: quality raw material
They come to torment even the bathroom ..
And while everyone votes, in the medicine sector, it's raining inside!
Not having the TV socket in the room the shit roommate fits in the window!
You with these agility explain to me how to mop up all the scooters inside them? THAT SADNESS
Industrial EngineeringPeppe, in these years you have worked well, we will vote for you but the rats do not think they have a chance to do it. ;);)
Moments of pure poetry in industrial engineering
AAA wanted to own this bike. We saw you twice in the same evening, first at the cus then All'Oberdan, maybe it was fate ?! If you recognize yourself, put a like 😌
New entry to C.U.S! Will it become a turkey ???
I read comments from Kore graduate students calling my "snack science" faculty ...
Something obscure is around the UNICT servers!
Tell me if it is normal that you use a fire extinguisher as a door stop
Parking of the citadel now 12: 47Analisi is everywhere
Do we pay taxes to save on plastic bags?
Strange guys wandering around the Palazzo delle Scienze, the exam period is felt
I do not know, it could affect students' hormones
Today, luxury lunch at the citadel 💪🏻
Good lunch to all from the citadel's table! 😱
I can understand your despair, but I swallow fuck, what the fuck do you do in the drawing room that the sheet then becomes a combat trooper?
Unict, these unknown objects have been sighted in the baths. It is not clear yet what they are for ....
When you're in danger and you do not know what to do at the Academy of Fine Arts
Random things Contemporary hermetic poets
When the off-campus student makes the birthday! .. c'anzirtammu!
"Guys, today you go to clams!"
What the fuck is the Latex for? I want the comment of the public
From the series, say it with a formula!
"That's how freedom dies ... under thunderous applause"
The out-of-school student who can not throw plastic on Friday
Thanks, whoever you are.
Spotted the guardian of the citadel parking lot!
Via androne.New crops techniques for fungi.
Hello unknown admirer. Here you are satisfied 😂😂
Ladies and gentlemen ....... here is the men's locker room in the Catania gym. (In the photo where you see the white wall the two black "spots" are clusters of midges)
Benedettini. And all the university. -.- "
When you come to Catania to study and become a future engineer, but things go wrong and try to learn the trade ..
Fame chimica level: Agricultural sciences and technologies
"And then come and tell me that genes do not come out of the University of Catania"
Give me a library. Found this poor keyring lost.
Here is the ranking drawn up by L'Espresso of the universities with more out of course. Here I see 14, including 12 of southern Italy. According to you, why?
In architecture you take a lesson in sbiego
And then you understand that you still have hopes at the university ...
Museum of Political Sciences
Mbare in Catania macari the cats on marauders!
Immediately after having dinner the shit roommate makes his last evening meal so ... Sugo all'arrabbiata and tomato crackers.Ignoranza to palate!
The real engineer is he who with nothing managed to light a fire ☺ !!!
We also received strange visits to the department of economics and business!
Ben Affleck was also present at the lesson of Modern History to the Benedictines ahahaha
Do you think this "flat" replaces a first one?
Dark presences to the Benedictines
When you pay € 200 for rent and the chandelier explodes
Creative car parks in that of Catania:
To use the torch to use a flashlight, because changing a light bulb is known, requires effort and years of preparation. Ersu study room.
During the fundamentals lesson in computer science "DimenZioneVera, true revenge I will not end up in jail Free Trucebaldazzi"
The summer has already arrived at the Department of civil and environmental engineering ... mbare sbagghiatu
Linear Algebra Lecture, Engineering Department! They also teach us to prove theorems using bimbominic expressions! Xke?
The true university aims to pass the exam even in games.
Referees in the library
University in a nutshell
And then I find myself in the examination room ...
CATANIA, UNICT. I would like to know who the fuck is the genius who put the car horizontally when there were 3 seats free if the car had been put vertically, genius.
After the cows at the airport, the pig in via roccaromana, here are the goats at the policlinico 😂
MONASTERY OF THE BENEDETTINI Walking through the corridors 😒
Faculty of architecture in Syracuse
Class IV Missing chairs and the teaching assistant invites us to take them from another .... So with the changing of the classrooms the phenomenon of migratory chairs is growing more and more
Superb vision in Roccaromana.
What you would not do for a place in the citadel ..
"Oh well, we find the place!"
BenedettiniTesi ready for the landfill! Demeaning!
University entrance test "kore"
In search of divine inspiration
Return to the elementary, scientists!
March 8 To remember the political, social, economic conquests and the abuses suffered over the centuries.Auguri DONNE ❤
In memory of a great prof. He who has never considered us freshmen, but students. One who has unveiled free thought.
I wanted to make known the generosity of my roommate who, on the occasion of his L'AUREA (yes, so he writes) decided to make useful gifts for friendsGuess what ..
If only nature found a way to cover these oranges, there would be no need to waste so much plastic ...
Medical-biological humor ...
What has become the world, cazo?
In the exam session come out types of compliments ...
According to you, bastardage of the lithograph of the "norde" or accentuated cadence of the "brondese"?
Studying you mere mortals I'll take care of sleeping for you !!!
Canteen CitadelPasta cream and spinach or glue and spinach? 😕
Do you notice something strange?
That scissor them, it does not seem a good sign 😱
Sight out the pharmacy building
Even that there are very few car parking spaces in the citadel, then you can see that too.
The university faces 😂😂
Crusca Engineering ...
A very petaly fry.
"I do not know who you are, I do not know what you want, but I'll look for you and I'll find you!"
Half you also have the right to a professional seminar.
Those who refuse at the triennial only get so bad.
Also this was included in the fees ?? : D
The student in crisis has no time and money to go to the Barber! 😂
Rudeness reigns supreme
So Kore is difficult ahahah
I know that in Catania we will travel for free! 😂
Desperate times call for desperate measures
Even at the flea market, Kore's degree theses are worth 50 cents
When wanting to park in the parking lot reserved for the professors becomes an obsession ...
in reference to the post The artist must always be mentioned. And to thank him.
The masterpieces today have the minutes counted. (Ennio Flaiano)
Hey you brother that you have cats in the socks you're wrong ahaha cmq you're very nice compliments !!!
Enemies of Peano, fear.
UNICT AULA STUDIO A new study room has been inaugurated, addressing the mustache team.
DIY lamp for aspiring engineers .. Greetings to the "〰 team"! Looking for light out of this tunnel
THE CHAMPIOOOOOONSSS
@UnictOra we think you nesciri i fusta or largu or ma coinquilinu! Every vùota ca iddù washes in caffittera a lassa sempri accussì ... but did you step forward accussì?
Mbare thou that you wear the flip-flops on 11 February ... you have some problem xD
Strange things happen at night ...
Desperate times call for desperate measures!
The roommate of shit unleashes so before the agronomy exam.
Catanesi, give up!
At each catanisis there are livari all so but not to party the sant'aita. Semu all devoted all
In the company of our friends Rolle, Lagrange and Cauchy 😍
Private Law with Turkish
And I'll tell you to do it! :)
Say what you want but Caltagirone dominates: D
This is the "Belvedere" of Niscemi.
Set aside ... Acitrezza, earth you are Malavoglia! 10.15am
Catanesi, siracusani and luticiani .... THIS IS AVOLA !!
Guys, instead of making useless challenges, appreciate our land. This is Sicily !!! PS: Ragusa force (you joke!)
You can spoil all the cities you want but the most beautiful is always mine. I present you: ADRANO ... and its magnificent castle !!!
Siracusani, Catanesi, Notinesi, citizens of all the UNESCO world heritage cities, spacchiatevela meno. This is Paternò !! U PAISI DO PROGRESSO
Ok, now spacchiatevela less all: Catania, Syracuse, netini etc..Saluti from Taormina 😘
Catanesi spacchiatevela also of Catania .. but this is Syracuse.
Is man only an error of God? Or God, is it only a man's mistake? (Friedrich Nietzsche)
Quote went from here !!
Found this bracelet in medicine
Alt (d (f (x)) / dx) = 0 to all!
Or if not, we want the bummi !!!!
When you believe that the case is not necessary
"Dedicated to all those who had finally found the motivation to put the" like "on this page after years of invitations:
In China I'm always a step ahead of us ... after the contest on the universities, they have come up with this showdown ... who can hold the pen?
Ah! Damn! I did not arrive in time to participate! What a pity..but maybe it was too provocative for your brains brains, right?
Catania is more beautiful .......... but vintages died crazy and frustrated !!!!!!
From a medical student in full winter session
Instead oraaaaa ..... hihihi
I adhere to the campaign: I came out!
Tuesday I found this glove in the citadel if the owner recognizes me I like it or comments and will be contacted :)
There are things that do not exist
At the moment it seems to me the most appropriate 😂
and now do not start doing moralists, as if you had never seen a breast in your life!
Help us to overcome the trauma of the type with the crooked nipples.
You deserve a pack of crispies really, ah lost world ... 1) for the lack of consistency 2) because you are only envious, Bel Lato B many compliments to the mother!
Tagghiatila all peers and live! Buttana ra misery!
We have left them now
Women, do you beat men in this too? now we want your photos! hold up our Min .... ehm er, excuse the college bandage!
Apparently they are very used here: o
UNICT ALLAnche the Kore of Enna .... Ragazzeeeee, we want to make us "overcome" even by Kore of Enna? Enna !! We joke? !! Come on, show what the UNIVERSITY OF CATANIA offers!
Municipal councilors who do not know the Italian language;) hahahha
Stop. .unict has nothing to envy to unicatt or polimi. But he works under the table 😉. We look forward to seeing you in the factory😉
Even UNICT should have its say!
from a young unemployed dreamer
University suggestions for S.D.S of Ragusa languages
Can you explain what that means? It is in the bulletin boards of the Benedictine monastery and is very disturbing ...
Guys, it's the turncoat thing you're getting slightly out of hand.
UnictIn the board of the degree course I have seen professors, with evaluations to say the least bad ........ The countermeasure? "We will tell him this ..."
And to think that I now go to university
Dilemmas to the Benedictines
"Arancina" .. the case is closed.
UNICTThese are the real engineers and architects 😂
In mathematics I am so far ahead that already donkeys are flying. Here is the proof
Studying analysis damages you and those around you!
I am child is everywhere at the pharmacy
It is not enough that the book is written of shit I have photocopied as well!
And then she comes ... worried! 😂
Benedettini: The desks suggest me what to do at 8 am .... leave all hope you come in !!!
'Mbare you're a gentleman, did TopoGigio give you the license?
The crisis of the Palazzo Ingrassia
Polyclinic parking Compartment 10, license found in kinder eggs?
The subtitles of youtube
From an engineering student in crisis
At sparkling water engineering is becoming a luxury ..
CITTADELLAP for Peetzo <3
Two Piantoni, one for each row .. shameful!
A faculty that should be an example in terms of environmental protection, however, leaves much to be desired. Indignation.
Is it normal for a study room to be held in these conditions? What image from the University of Catania?
Degradation to the agrarian faculty ...
In Italy taboo, abroad monopolies
In what sense has it reached halfway?
Benedettini: Aphorisms from the baths of the A2
Guys, I found this monster under my house (peters and / or lovers of Peter Parker are not offended). Is it harmless or should I start running beep beeping style ?? T-T
DMIVedo education is an optional.E the baskets are only two meters ..
citadel of shit, I would shave you to the ground ... so, just to have enough car spaces
Every year, in this period, thousands of deodorants are abandoned, do not let this havoc happen ... Use a deodorant too you will do good to you and above all to others ...
For the series Catania and its folkloreBalle di fieno in Viale XX Settembre
I do not know if it is more serious to try to make a family to the citadel or be there already at 7.
Welcome to engineering;): P
To kill the boredom of the lessons ... We give ourselves to the unbridled pursuit of the ideal boy! Those who recognize themselves in these characteristics go forward 👍
"They looked at each other in silence and then:"
Here's what you do to construction engineering in Friday afternoon classes
Parking area 10You also have the 500L, but your brain must really be XXS!
"Avant-garde ashtray to avoid throwing ash in the balcony, to notice the base with a bottle of wine." When creativity is combined with art and necessity.
When you realize that two-four hundred university students lived better than you now ...
Hello everyone Every morning at every table scattered to the Benedictines there were these sheets with pieces of poems / books / etc. underlined .... who is it that you have to make forgive? : curious person: 3
Study and do not complain.
(Ex Ball of Snow, Cittadella) I do not know that of melancholy ...
Safe quality of both the engine and the times .. I love Catania❤️
The usefulness of colleagues
There is nothing else to add ...
Because a Finkbräu is forever.
"Back to the past"
Morning trauma. Solidarity with my colleagues who are in the faculty today.
Must or should not rise to hate ?? !! (latest DARC machine)
The responsible university collects supplies for the winter through the canteen in via oberdan :)
Girl out of the office, without water at home
Engineering bathroom. Catch!
Beijing express .... Ah no ...
But what does this symbol represent on the walls of Catania? oo
Collecting points completed ... Finally the placemats have arrived !!!! 😎😎😎
Catania is in pieces and they think to fix those fucking plants that do not row anyone.
Basically, he has won everything.
Meanwhile in Via Etnea ...
Didattica / Polifunzionale IngegneriaSomeone in this "gloomy" day has the Sicilian cards? We would like to play a little during this lunch break P.S. In the end we arranged
I tell you under my breath: quench your sleep with the Bolsheviks! You have the shirt on the contrary!
Hello everyone, I found this pendant someone can tell me what it is?
Because Catania is Catania
Addressing the inFerno
I am ashamed for her.
CITTADELLAChi forget is an accomplice.
The famous and feared "wooden pussy"
Condos of via plebiscito, of the series "I saw things that you humans ..." You do not get bored. Little but sure.
Strange people exist here
Please share we try to change your mind
In the vocal message he sang me the refrain of "The difference between me and you" by Titian. : D thank you
The Catania side of University: D
You can be hired by Rai to request payment of the fee
- Old seat of Ing -... During an exam ...- "Prof excuse me I can go to the bathroom?" ........................ .............. Old methods never fail!
Ponte dei BenedettiniEven the tables give philosophy!
Because the world really needed it.
M. M. Medicine pole C. Sixth year. Be careful, review all the steps and do not pick up one, especially during abdominal pressure.
The most useless money you can pay for services I've never seen;)
Dedicated to the majority of today's girls ....
How I wish I could listen to Siri 😓
Alternative methods of collecting rainwater-citadel of Catania
They say that one man's waste is another's treasure.
We are in the 21st century and I still have to watch these things, I have deleted the names to maintain privacy, but in your opinion who is right? and who is wrong? What do you think about it?
How would you interpret this design?
this is the dilemma. FF
Occult messages to the monastery! "THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS WAS OPENED, ENEMIES OF HEREDE TEMETE!"
Citadel, the gloomy Department of Engineering still hovers the souls, who have not found peace, of missing students and never managed to graduate ...
Already someone had published the photo of this "car", but here it shows off all its splendid degradation
"Let the ersu help us" From the canteen in Via Oberdan!
In reference to the We continue to have fun
Comedy: the despair of a boy who understands little about human relationships! People of spotted to my signal unleash hell! 😂😂😂😂
I have been friendzonata
A mia mancu chidda ...
WARNING! We are looking for Emmanuel Finocchiaro who disappeared this morning in Acitrezza. I attach the picture to you. Thanks for your cooperation.
Can anyone explain to me why the student unict portal icon is a cat?
Congratulations to the sample that at the multifunctional bathroom has created the expression "get it out of the jar".
The computers in the computer center have other treatments ...: D
UnictCare freshmen, stay alert, do not trust anyone!
Follow Spotted: UNICT :)
Good Sunday maniacs: P
In this bad time (session), spotted brothers, be strong with national pride.
Do you know who the author / owner of this photo is?
Taken from the group "Catania checkpoints"
Survey: Men and women. Who is shaved with this?
UNICittì? But which cocks! If I had known, I would have registered directly in Naples.
Not to forget ... ❤️❤️❤️
YOU MUST END WITH STA MODA DE MMMMMERDAAAAAA
Commenting on what is needed to calculate the new ISEE!
Someone tell Jack Sparrow of the etnacomics to subscribe to McDonald's if he does not want to change jobs
In response to the post
From: "The unbearable lightness of being, Milan Kundera".
Siri, you're not helping! : - /
And if you please!
More pearls of wisdom!
Friendzone level: Juventus
For doctors ... Make a diagnosis!
For the series: colossal shit figures.
Dat death cockroaches in chemistry
I would not give it to males so well dressed if I had double!
About the new medical degree course at Enna
Let's animate the evening for a while! Comments?
But what is this ... VILLANI !!
Basic rule for every true acese ........
Sightings of the seventh kind in Catania! 🐗
Do not complain so much about the friend-zone
I do not know why but the comments of L.I.F. they are always the best! 😁😁😁😁
Here one laughs and jokes, but in the meantime I have collected 10 € coins for 1cent. Serious stuff. 💪
I hope the benefits are aimed at buying a dictionary!
Dedicated to girls who have the unfortunate custom of putting boys in a friendzone .... Obviously it can not have a negative effect on the lovers of the singer in question ....
The story of my life.
Then there are those who instead of helping others, think so.
Speaking of popular festivals ...
There are those who walk the dog ... there are those who take the horse for a walk .... Let's take two steps!
Written found in engineering baths
Colleagues who ... "Yes, when you need a hand do not hesitate to ask me directly! :)" And then ...
... and I love words, so I answer to all those who consider the study of philosophy "useless".
hey put on temptation island !! - my sister-
A thought to the many workers and the many students, who are still busy preparing for university exams.
S-Voice also cares about your health during the summer session ...
Thanks Siri ... unselfish as always !!!
At Agraria we do not send them to say ...
Also Salvini next recurrent?
for all the girls struggling with bachelorette party ..... here is a nice idea that you could buy ....... me the comessa has recommended it today;)
Let death seize those who did this stuff in a bathroom of the former Benedictine monastery
The Pope and the divine call ... ahahhaah ... by Antonio Daidone ...
Meanwhile in Oxford ... ah no wait, it's just the Benedictines
Read the Bible, it's the only source of Truth! God loves you! God loves us!
already .. and for Italy ?? When?
Please you can publish this photo. Daniela was seen in Catania but we can not find her ... please post the picture and let her share as many people as possible
I take a pizza bread ... I want a little frog
When you realize that the next day you have 2 exams, and you know you are being passed off, at that precise moment I thank those who invented the redbull ...
Yeah I already want the DEGREE and a WORK 😡
You who study human anatomy, do not delude yourself because it is only a design. The reality is very different .....
Unict It will be a very hard summer ....
Almost almost share more crap with you than with my friends
Bruschette pre exam .... with the cafeteria bread? Colleagues Cesami
A symbol of the University of Catania
Study room via Androne: "Excuse me, is this place free?"
Demonstrate your intelligence here rather than comments.
No, but should I also consider you after these messages?
Alternative study methods.
How to prepare for an exam: sandwich with chocolate at 23: 00PS help me!
I have good news! Jon Snow is not dead! He pretends! view and do not answer!
Read it! It's enough with mistakes :)
I hope they can give the right charge to those like me who live the exam sessions in constant company of anxiety.
Bathroom cafeteria citadel university.Eromanians in action, eye !!!
A new matriculation economy xD
Mbare, your Italian gives me too much anZia
POLICLINICOOther refrigerators in the study room
We would like a prof like that too !!!
Ambiguous posters to the Benedictines.
If Muhammad does not go to the mountain (in this case the sea) it is the mountain that goes to Muhammad Ps. I changed it on purpose
The trash that reaches nirvana
Greetings to the nice guys downstairs! Casa Barabba
Dark presences at the DMI
When they say: That cactus of minchia has pointed out to me
Engineering: go to the University also to save tomato seedlings! :)
Careful sir of the fines !!!!
The legendary Melo dog, guardian of the Benedictine monastery, sends a warm greeting to the spotted people ...
dedicated to all of us poor students!
FACITIVI RUMPIRI I CONNA!
Anonymous please From Policlinico: spontaneous live explanation of the functioning of a Tampax.
- "Oh Christ!" - "I prefer to be called Zlatan"
Normal routine at the citadel
At agraria they take us in bad waters
Friendzone level: Peter Pan
Centro Epson informs: anomalous honda alert in Catania
BENEDETTINI The winner !!! Ps the facies were put only x cover the face x privacy and not to ridicule!
Here's how it ended tonight 'goodbye walk'
Palio d'Ateneo - Political SciencesA all the other Departments: you have the points, we have the Carrà Viking version.
I want to thank one by one the guys in the picture who participated and supported our department ... You are great !!!
Who spacchiu taliatiii ??
Engineering number 10 is too strong! I would like to know you 😄
It looks more like a threat ... Found in the female bathroom on the first floor of the sector 10
Mirage to political science!
Study room ersu Do you understand that summer is here when you see this! Sorry about the post, but you do not see your face! We crossed the glances a couple of times, if you recognize yourself, put a like 👍🏿😁
Medicine II yearAdvanced adult female in the bathroom of men in the 10th compartment, trying to defrost sheep's brain and bull's eyes !!
bukkake to hydrogen when chemistry becomes perverse
In my opinion, the most beautiful part of the series, as according to the conquest of the immaculate daenerys, who agrees?
Agraria is also this 😉
Engineering education: Shitty people who drop the trash and do not clean up ... what a world of uncivil!
Ragusa - Linguistic MediationI only wanted to see what warnings there were today !! Coincidence? I do not think so...
"Agriculture is the most worthy occupation for all free men" Cicero
In response to post 12872, from my biological breeding, Jennifer 7,845 kg 4-year-old mare. Mbare si nvidiusu
In response to the post
"No race can prosper until it learns that there is as much dignity in cultivating a field as composing a poem."
In response to the post Educational visits are as formative as the experience accumulated by lessons and books ... Coccinella Septempunctata on Citrus sinensis leaf (useful insects in agriculture)
"Here lies our beloved Italian grammar."
What do you think, we request to bring it to Catania? I say that there will be a boom in registrations, I have already prepared a couple of names to recommend it to. GG.
BenedictinesThis book was found in room A1, inside there is a sheet with notes and data, but I do not know if they are the owner of the book. The initials of the name are F. V. P.
Dedicated to all the students, the Benedictine Library graduates the most loved and expected;)
Found this photo on May 1 where they park the cars for the One Day
Fessacchiotto !! See that it is a failure 😂
Strange discoveries in the bathrooms of XD engineering teaching
I go to the house of my colleagues and I find out that they are eating betrayed bread !!! And then the bread is missing at the table !!!!!!
DMI Caffè macchiato, and inhabited. A Formicaccino
And then boh .. It only comes to you to say ..
[Champions League] menzaparola
UNICT When a myth, the deodorant, becomes legend ..
ECONOMYou take note of these things that you are L'OSCENITÀ! But you do not understand it. Girls are fed up with having to punch in the eyes every day.
"It's more exciting than the time I forgot how to sit" [Cit. Peter Griffin]
Meanwhile in teaching
But you of an environment perfumer called kulort ... that is, would you trust?
Then they helped you?
Meetings at the canteen in via Oberdan ..
Dedicated to the "boyfriend" of the girl who has Grindr's app!
Economics of the Bordellosa Study Classroom Please get your trousers up because you made my colleague mourn with laughter
You wake me up every morning so .. I hope a bus will take you full.
The mirage of those who go to the citadel pt 2 (at 6:55), if you say that the photo was taken at 7 pm watch the sunlight.
- Stop Brt "Bosco" - Looking for whoever is the author of this. We absolutely must become friends.
We found these glasses in engineering education! I'm in the guardhouse
I would be curious to know what he says who stays with one card!
Via etnea 126 .. Normal routine
Mathematics study room: He who first comes out with a small pen holder and then fills it with highlighter pens! His walking pen holder! I respect you! I will copy your idea! : D
And he who poses the Porche to the fucking dog do not we make him fines? Ah, it's already the machinone of the type of engineering bar bought thanks to the thousands of receipts not made: D
DEPARTMENT OF SCIENCES OF FARMACOAAA looking for owner hit by sudden "hot flashes"!
Sighted 60 years near the canteen of the citadel struggling with the selfie (with a lot of funcia!)
My personal vision of the facts about the question of parking at the citadel.
Citadel entered via Andrea Doria. Explain it to me because I really boh ahahahah
Engineering Didactics
DARC CITADEL Alternative ways to rest
Unict: The choice is yours .... 😂
cout << "Good lunch from the degree course in Computer Science!" << endl;
A university chemistry professor who puts equal in reactions?!?
Even an 18 ... Or not?
Dance lessons in Roccaromana
After Spotted now also on "La Repubblica": (There is only one "if you recognize yourself you put a like"!)
Solar eclipse of 20 March 2015One of the many beauties that nature offers us :-)
Engineering 4 teaching plan
Did you agree ????? XD
Answer astag 10766
When engineering exceeds jurisprudence! Thanks, Macgyver
And then there are professors who write e-mails with the i instead of e ahahahah
UNICT Studying with the Jägermeister at your fingertips is priceless
Who does not ...... go under when the mother threatened with one of these objects ??
Flooding in progress ..?
But the girl with the pink train feather earring, what happened to it? i mean i'm still waiting for you ...... Join the crew! Follow us:
UNICT-INDUSTRIAL ENGINEERING Even on the desk at home, the irrepressible desire to write ARMENIA continues! ahahahahahah
UNICT - Physics. But you have to do ...
villa area bellini. Anyone you are, you won! But in the end, have mercy on you?
What's the most grueling day for you? Leave us a comment! ;)
Now it is difficult not only to copy the exam but also the notes! 😱 what the fuck is written?!?!
New systems to conduct an exam
Maybe now everything makes more sense ... Or does it serve to keep us from escaping this world?
The lawyers of today and tomorrow ....
Do like me! Subscribe to languages!
What a shitty life! 😒
Accussi ... Without understanding!
You ke think about it? Is it true ?!
I'm fine in my solitude!
I leave a mark in the study rooms of the Turin Polytechnic
I think this fashion of shorts and socks in plain sight there is a little bit out of hand ...
And what color is it?
What color is this dress? There are those who see it white and gold and some blue and black!
DMIMa this history of radiators? It's unacceptable!
Alternative keychain ...
it was 2009 if you remember, please I like ...
ENGINEERINGFor all of you today (Friday 20) you have supported the writing of Physics II!
DMILa Crisis LIBRARY.Infinite auction phase.
[Engineering Didactics]
Looking for the girls who live on the sixth floor of the building that have this elevator !! If you have a set I like it !!
BENEDETTINIOnore who, at the university, has lost all linguistic ability.
But first, let me take a selfie 👍
Nothing is impossible, not even 18
But let me understand, a person should come out like that ???
More romantic than that !!
Palazzo delle scienze: students in crisis get warm from the cold of the winter session 😆
UNICT (and beyond) The common mood of the average student when he witnesses the numerous filths committed every day by some (not all, fortunately) teachers.
In response to the post
In Catania the parkers make culture ... We strongly advise against the vision of this sign to people who care about the dictionary of the Italian language ..
It seems right .. u.u
Follow Spotted: UNICT
Does anyone have any suggestions on how to respond? The comment with more like wins;) My friend and I were bored, yes XD
policlinico- parking compartment 10: what a romantic place to have sex!
THE MESSAGE THAT I HAVE NEVER HAD THE COURAGE TO SEND AND NOW IS TOO LATE ... AND IT'S EVIL ...
At the drug sciences department Bobbe Malle suckles the satisfaction!
Follow Spotted: UNICT
Exploring the University's DNS ... Good piggies.
Do not be afraid guys! One day ... CE WE WILL DO !!! !!! 💪💪💪
 When such a request arrives, do you accept or not?
And then goats graze at the polyclinic. From the series: everyone now joins the university.
Even the Benedictines end up at ScuolaZoo 😁✌
Benedictine monastery Study title: Iaquinta elementary
To a member of the Rimba <3
The sense of life as a couple ... when you do not understand it ...
MENSA CITTADELLHow is it possible that all the NEW air conditioning units in the canteen, installed 6 months ago, are already broken ???
Kind gift by Gianni Costantino, from the Re Dolce Freddo bar of Acireale :-)
Engineering, grandfather of a neo laureto in the grip of happiness / hail stormy reacts like this Trousers of the dress inside the socks
Discovering educational building
Are we in a "civil" country? Are we in 2015? Well, then PARLIAMONE !!!
Suggestions directly from the Ragusa😂 study room
Industrial Engineering also wants to follow with us! XD
He marries an engineer woman! When you break the washing machine, you will fix it;)
In via Androne we also have seasoned tables! Bon appétit!
Condemning the "Charlie" attack endlessly, how many of you know these cartoons? We mean this for freedom of press?
Looking for place in the ID classroom of Engineering ... and see this masterpiece in a desk ... You must have been bored a lot during the XD lesson
CITADEL Here are the effects of global warming ... 😁😁😁
Ingenious methods to fight the cold !!!
Departures directly from the airport "agricultural sciences and technologies"
Merry Christmas to all (even the santaphobici) 🎅🎄
Only we poor venters of industrial engineering have lessons on December 23rd
Given the unexpected success (we do not judge your tastes) here is our "tree", in all its magnificence. P.Š. they remained cassatelleP.p.s. Merry Christmas
Instead of talking to the professor, talk to me! (if you recognize yourself you like me)
Best wishes for Happy Christmas Holidays from the last survivors of the table in Via Oberdan :)
Agirini roommates ....
And if they tell them about UniCatt ......
CITADEL - DMISomeone at DMI started a game in Jumanji
Enough with sti risvoltini of m *** a, enough with a beard for homeless! eccheccazzo
Polo A medicine: the chemistry professor resembles too much the twelfth Doctor Who Doctor.
I found this notebook in the Hall of the Benedictines A1, anyone looking for it will find it from the "vigilantes" after six o'clock.
And then boh, you get married and get attacked by a dinosaur ...
"Analysis with Zamboni can cause brain death"
I found this notebook in the engineering training building. The owner comments to get it back.
Share everyone! Saturday the Massimino must remain empty, appointment at 13:30 in P.zza Spedini! For the honor of Catania !!!
3 in 10 minutes! Let's see who beats the record!
After a nice rain, here comes the rainbow 🌈
Citadel. Emerita head of c *** o, the next time you find it on the ground!
Even the canteen is in the canteen!
In the Department of Physics corridor there are too many intruders ...
Pigeons are wandering in the corridors of the agrarian
Only I did not eat at the table?
Spotted CookBook at the pharmacy department. You are a professional cook. Drown your sad thoughts with those recipes?
Hi all time ago I found this book in a bus stop, Viale Mario Rapisardi high area, the initials of the owner are S.A. on fb I did not find it. I can give you the book.
Follow Spotted: UNICT
Saint Lucia in Syracuse <3
Follow Spotted: UNICT <3
Vanity fair as spotted!
Two euros for research means two euros for the future, for the economy, for researchers. For lives.
Super Santa Lucia in action!
Building 10, department of civil and environmental engineering, 1st floor Extinct expired and not replacedPhotos made 10/12/2014
Prediciottesimo work in progress
Found Friday, December 12 at the concert of the Social State, the owner shows up in the comments, writing the sentence inside.
This scene has definitely improved the day
Study Room Political Science Even here you can breathe Christmas air
Didactic Engineering I thought that the study rooms were only shitting and instead ...
Artistic phenomena at Infornatica
Villa cerami The big brother is watching you
Physics 2 A type of engineering student who forgets to study how to wear a sweatshirt!
medicine The year polo at Assassin's BioCreed
Because we are too far ahead in languages!
UNICTAd Agraria the leaves grow from the floor 😂😂
Found near engineering, whoever lost it makes it live ..
Here's what sleep is ...
SECTOR 10 MEDICINALS who understood everything ...... !!!!!
Welcome to Ponyclinico: D
Seen @ Medicine I year pole C
Sighted aspiring cyclist in the agrarian corridors😂😂
And above all (medicine study) in via roccaromana
It happens in Catania ... Never do a bundle of grass!
UNICT ALL (EXCEPT MEDICINE)
Hello everyone I found this key to a Renault Megane, definitely a Second Series, at the entrance to the citadel. If the owner recognizes comments below, I will contact him!
And for the series the saddest tree ... Faculty of science and psychological techniques
Even our trains know that we live in a state of *****!
And then, PSY goes to Economy.
Engineering department...
this year some people started making gifts soon
Political Science Study Room We are the gianduiotto girls, thank you for not eating it. If you let us recognize as a reward tomorrow we'll bring you one! :)
Does anyone sign up next year?
Unict-CittadellaA minute of silence for this person who will stay here today to study forcibly
You with the pink wasp parked under the engineering didactic: frankly.
C.M stop bothering girls who comment on spotted posts and insist when they tell you they do not want to meet you. Besides looking ridiculous you also look like a pussy dead. blah!
UNICT A newcomer at the agricultural faculty.
18:00: found this agenda in the holy hall mazzarino. Anyone who recognizes it, I like it
Tombino in via Oberdan: that ignore you!
Ing. Informatica first year pre-course of analysis. They said it was fun and useful
DMI - BIBLIOTECHow do you configure the connection from mobile devices to WLUCTSTUD? (from Android 5.0) It has always worked while today it is whimsical.
Romantic and full of light lessons in the central building.
To each of you who breaks the receptors' cock!
Palazzo Ingrassia, English lesson .... He follows her with a high level of attention! 🐻P.s. Psychological sciences and techniques !!
BENEDETTINI - AULA 75. "And we pay!" -semicit.
Hello spotted, this is for the ladies with the neck dislocated at 90 ° on the smartphone, it is for my friends who have forgotten what it means a beer and a chat together.
Romantic Lessons to the Benedictines
UNICT MEDICINA Policlinico: they too have appealed!
J.C. you that fascinate my friend so much to make her say: "congratulations to the mother", you're less on the phone and look around maybe someone would be interested to know you.
MONASTERY OF BENEDETTINNew university student looking for a place to study at the monastery bar.
UNICTurning math repetitions from an architect is like taking flying lessons from an elephant. Pressing the arrow into the dmi's bulletin board.
My sister splits tropp
Things that happen during the engineering degrees :-D
Who knows if even the tree will have the pass to park here
The graduation and the festivities are fine but you have the decency to throw the empty bottles in the trash ... NB: basket less than 5 m away
Safari, inside my head ... there are more beasts than in the forest!
UniCT - BenedettiniSpecialist of Spanish, classroom 67Americally, we are all tired but the sweater on the contrary you could avoid it 😁
And while on TV we hammer the so-called with tons of services on the FEMININE ... Two weights and two measures, as always when we talk about feminizations
I wish you to meet a bitch of crazy that makes you a sea of ​​horns ... only then you will understand what you lost and let go forever. Return to me...
MENSA VIA OBERDANTu ricciolino boy in pictures, know that you're really cute;)
Didactic Engineering And then, after finally having found a table in the study room, you sit down and see this
One question: why?
Orazzitto di Belpasso is also famous in the library you have Benedettini Oo
Corner via roccaromana-via martoglio
UNICT Agricultural Faculty We have the tower of Sauron
You who do snack with grandmother's meatballs and biscuits: you are the myth of us all. I respect you.
We do not know who you are but you have aroused the curiosity of some xd..se you are in the first year in the P-Z section you like and we will contact you
Good morning is seen from the morning, 9:30 am screaming in the girls' bathroom! Here's the surprise! A little thing, next time shoot a little more to the left! Faculty of agrarian!
And the professor is slightly improving. S !!
Unict DMI Thanks for the flyer! You made us laugh
Peeing is done in the toilet, not in the bidet
UNICT CittadellaSalve guys, does anyone have an oki, an aspirin or something? Put likes and agree where to see us, thanks :)
Piazza DuomoPre-Eighteenth the return.
Benedictines: this is because we are at the university.
And of this playlist, what do you think? Tell me what you would add
Goodbye, snowball. You will always be in our hearts. Https: //www.youtube.com/watch? V = 6e4i3Xz8s00
Citadel I would love to know what the owner did when he found this in front of his car 😐
But in this room you pair the animals O.oAhahahahahahahah
Strange bakeries in Catania ... after all we all have on our tables the pEne, ops, pAne daily.
Looking for attractive deals, you come across this announcement, and the only question that arises is: ... But PeRcHè? 0_o '...
Please contact me or me (n.p) or the girl who shared the same thing on the group of Spotted I put my face! (Amira)
Going to Roccaromana, a tribute to spotted
It's fine that studying engineering is like military training, but you do not have to come with the camouflage suit, including the backpack !!!
Matriculation first year science and food technologies that you believe pussy with all that equipment, if you recognize yourself comments.
Go back to your car, you're drunk
Lost scarf or good action? When in doubt, at Villa Bellini there are those who also think about them. Zurria thanks.
Fire extinguishers expired by months in the metroCatania always worse 👍
Political sciencesI see the ease with which the teacher is distracted. S. of sociology while explaining, we decided to count them. Conclusion: in about an hour and 45 minutes every three minutes is distracted!
I load the phone from the post of professor Like a Boss
Unict Jokes of shit to shitty housemates
Dedicated to all hetero males of this group, who feel Latin lover, but that in reality the pussy can only see it with the telescope
UNICT It's right that you know it!
Some good soul that leaves me the place? No, eh?
MEDICINE @ ENGINEERING: Bipolarity and backwardness in a single picture. But make two slides!
AULA STUDIO ENGINEERING that's why there are never free tables. There are people who have been playing broom for an hour. With a lot of table points on the table!
To Aci Bonaccorsi :-D
From today it activates the new study hall in the Ramblas premises (via Manzoni 86, corner of via Sangiuliano)
Strange sightings on a 432 ..
BENEDETTINRecome handouts in the study room above the A1-A9 classrooms. The owner can find them where he had forgotten them.
This yes that is engineering
Here's how to properly dispose of sanitary fixtures in Catania.
ENGINEERING "Auu, s' hau pi notti"
And then in the metro you see someone wearing a shirt like that: respect, boy, respect!
Unict Pharmacy Have you ever seen, a rubber more beautiful than this ???? NOT ME!
L.G. And L.F. , who come to class just to occupy desks and watch men and women .... Pesse sites
Civil and environmental engineering pole
Section 10 MedicineAlso he had made Appeal ...
This is the University of Catania, engineering department, fall of the neon cover
Admit it that you too are addicted to that damn Clash of Clans
Fourth floor building TEACHING ... I'm a freshman, I expect this ???
Wild parks made by hasty university students! Ps. Less than a meter from the car is the stop!
Chestnuts in the study hall of via Androne :-D
Eh? But how can it be?
Room 3 Library - PoliclinicoThis is hygiene ... and we are in a hospital !!
Study room in via Androne.
Here's how we do in the pharmacy faculty to protect ourselves from the rain .. Simo misunderstood engineers .. We have the wrong option!
BENEDETTINI we understand that Luana and Roberto love each other, but stop writing it on the counters because you've broken the boxes !!
I hate colleagues who belittle the given subjects .. (they took months to prepare them O.o)
Welcome to Roccarumena. But why do you wear such sandals to look like the Romanian of the ring road?
Thank goodness that the snowball would have flown away ... I do not seem honestly even so large damage ...
An old pearl. : ')
men, you explain to me why after we make you a mouthpiece (and it is not that it goes so much to genius) then you repudiate to kiss us?
He had entered with appeal and (studied medicine) in roccaromana and these are the results. ..
Engineering educationNot all the bad weather comes to harm ..
Meanwhile in the pharmacy bathroom .... Help this poor sociopath !!!
★ IMPORTANT! ☂ ☂ Weather alert: suspension of educational activities on Thursday 6 and Friday 7 November. More info: http://unict.it/home
When in the gatehouse where you buy the parking tickets you find the writing: I'm around checking the parked cars, I have tickets with me.
University Citadel: But why?!?!?! C
UNICTStrani discoveries in the Benedictine study hall.
Asshole with hat in the lecture hall: take it off!
Whirlwind strikes again and parks the car
It can be very useful on the internet!
My classmate who transcribes the notes of operating systems. I do not know if I get the idea right ...
Remember also that "man and his direct ancestors are ... POLIGAMI" So, I ask myself: is it the natural instinct that must overwhelm reason, or is it the reason that must restrain this instinct? ;)
€ 20 and you will be identifiable even from far away! : D
Political SciencesPolo di Via GravinaAnche the Mister Conte follows sociology with us .. National Retreat in Via Gravina ?!
back of the Dicar, Engineering 😉
Political Science Classroom .... Immersed in an intense study, suddenly you raise your eyes from the book and in the opposite wall you notice this ...
Mensa CittadellaIn preview for Spotted the "Recharge" area of ​​the canteen ..... and for the more smaliziosi sources of the sign in .png and .eps (vector) are available
PoliclinicoParcheggio? No problemLike a boss
ACADEMY OF FINE ARTIE ketchup do not you put it? :(
Political Science: to you that you followed Comparative Juridical Traditions, I would have wanted to give you a clash!
Every Monday always the same story. Follow us on Spotted: UNICT! : D
MedicinaMoto parked under the entrance canopy. Tomorrow parking in the study room!
Strange presences at the "fair of the dead" ...
Turning to Catania ..
Only I notice a certain similarity between these two?
a greeting for stefano !!!!
UNICT - DMI study room. It confirms that the DMI study rooms can not read
Department of Chemistry. Jesus loves you, even while you are urinating.
Political Sciences. Thank you for reminding me of my childhood with the lectern: D
Strange finds at CUS
From here I understand when a lesson is really boring ...
Hello. I dress like a fox tonight. And you !?
Guys, what do you think of my makeup for Halloween? Obviously nails not included 😉
Fake invalid to get places in accounting business administration science buildingCollare put 10 minutes before entering
MENSA OBERDANTutti at the table😀
We of "Prehistory and Protohistory" today at Palazzo Ingrassia we had the swimming pool ...
A beautiful asleep jurist: D
Jurisprudence of unirc has ste things but the spotted page is not funonzia
Never take advantage of the patience of good people, because they are the last ones to get tired but the first to have no second thoughts.
And then boh, enter the bathroom of the geology department and you find yourself in front of ...
Match station, chicken pack and bottle behind
Strange discoveries between pharmacy counters
Department of jurisprudence. Goodnight flowers: ')
Good morning guys, today I bought a parrot, but I think it's dumb because it does not speak, what do I do? Help me! A. Bocelli.
Nothing else to add D:
Can you explain why the hot dog ??
These mothers of today 😂
Unict psychology VerginelleA sighted Sheldon Cooper in class
To stay on the subject of the post
Big Brother is watching you!
You who come to the University with the RISVOLTINI when one day and one no one gets the sky ... Mbare, u you know who?
Whoever you are, you made me feel observed and threatened for the whole hour thanks to your sweatshirt !!
C.D I would like to congratulate the people with the horse mask, the picture is over school zoo :)
I'm a freshman, and this "pearl" in the bathroom of the Benedictine monastery amused me a lot! 😂😂😂
To beat those who want us badly
In October you can do what you can never do!
In the women's toilets in via androne ... 😱
Walking through the etnea way !!!
Look where he's parked I'm a guy this morning
It only happens to engineering degrees :-D
Do we have reception centers for the social recovery of these individuals?
"Ce" ... And you are in the fifth year of law.
Verginelle: male specimen sighted on the roofs .. will it take flight?
This is how long our university life prospects!
UnictDidattica engineeringThe effects of the science of construction will be seen or you can see a horse ...
The utility of the manhole covers at Catani University
Humility Time at the table!
Spotted a very complicated love story in the Department of Political Sciences.
Good evening. An invitation to all my colleagues ... When you go out with your girls / friends / colleagues ... Eye;)
STAY 3 * EVENT SPOTTEDYou are all invited! Https: //www.facebook.com/events/874101482601517
It seems ... It seems I'm holy !!!
WOMAN SURVEY According to you a boy who is left (not because of him) becomes unattractive in the eyes of other women?
€ 358.00 just paid :)
In response to the post P.T. just her and the rumors turn.M.R. no envy, only reality
Spotted a pink peacock in the cathedral square!
In your face rosiconi ♥ Gi.Gi.
Political Science Study RoomNo Words ...
Consistency: that thing unknown to many people;)
I think it brings bad luck! Ps .. sing a little more
And then boh ... You fall in love thanks to Spotted ...
Study rooms open today afternoon downtown area?
Guys some of you used it ??
Could you post? ThanksUnict MedicinaSinceri, to which attempt have you entered medicine?
I'm a boy and I'm bored to those who go to have a chat?
Here's what becomes Spotted when you put your face: Ark for the Singles
Regalasi meticci, female over 40 days. We find a home to these beautiful puppies. For those interested, comments on this post and will be contacted!
Engineering Didactics This is for you C., you will understand <3
LIBRARY DMIStudiando Analysis at some point scleri and start doing tactics .. But Cauchy behind the tips plays well according to you?
"I'm the worst nightmare you've ever had, I'm the scariest of your nightmares come true, I know your fears, I'll kill you one by one." (Pennywise / It) Congratulations to the King, Stephen King!
UNICT GIURISPRUDENZavoi jurisprudence that you have fixed in this moment in the eye. Game over.
I would like to celebrate my degree in one of the restaurants in via S. Filomena. Someone who has already done so could recommend someone telling me about his experience? Thanks a lot of colleagues :)
... and my sister complains about the Greek -.- "thank the professor for the illegal material provided to us!
Approach in Piazza Umberto! Great parking day! Color your city! At 7 pm there will also be a small refreshment.
Hello ! There is someone of the ing course. Industrial who is studying linear algebra and geometry and 26 must do the writing !!? Willing to do exercises together?
A spottediana asks us about how to get the fruit that will change everyone's life: pineapple.
From the series "Cadaveri in HD" What do you do not study!
Here is what happens to tourists who do not know that the doors of the study room and former computer room at Villa Cerami are transparent!
Then you go running to the waterfront and you are pleasantly surprised.
Then one says he should not curse.
Update It is when you find such warnings that you start thinking about defeat. But fuck at least put a warning on the internet! I know that I will have to resort to spherical energy.
Only in Catania! (Italy metro stop)
Ok this is an important thing. How many of you have or would like to have a onesie? (Wanzie)
It's 3:00 at night, I'm not sleepy and I decide to zap .... And what can I find? Tina Cipollari that if you sputtane an engineer x'D
Hello! can you post? -Benedettini- LETTERS And here that thanks to the anti-mafia team we look at channel 5 our magnificent university that as we all know is not that of the law XD
Sightings fescion to the Benedictines.
And then you find these things written in "Technology of production cycles" and you feel a shiver down your spine for what is written in Domain II
EconomiaMbare I hope you went to hell
Hello Titanic at the snowball
CITTADELLA - DIDACTICS INGEGNERIAN depression of the exams in September ... cues you..ThanksC.M.
On the test consultation site, what does the heading "Score titles" mean?
What kind of student are you? Personally I am the "strings under scrutiny": D
Questionnaire anonymously, not so much if it comes to the secretariat with the degree program of belonging, the discipline of the exam and even the date.
Benedictines And then they say that the humanists have no practical spirit: D
Of course this here that has made the only question that did not allow him to reach 90/90 will be gnawing inside xD
A picture is worth a thousand words, if in the image there are also words, well!
Goku asks for help from Catania fans, and they feed the spherical energy, great !!!
Dear Muggles, thanks to this page I found my R.W.Con affection, H.G. ;-)
Hello guys, today I was going to share a little 'healthy discomfort with you. August Ferragosto!
Even Facebook employees make grammatical mistakes :-D
What fashion is it? We spend thousands of euros for being shit ... and then there is a crisis. Cabbage proscenium
Find the Nimbus 2000 Potter in Sicily course a ct, if the owner was interested put I Like and will be contacted, or entrusted to the highest bidder ... Sincerely. R.W.
AAA wanted "ex" owner who kindly gave me this lighter Ai Pini last Tuesday evening.Federica :) P.s. you should call yourself Danilo: D
Hello public anonymously, Academy of Fine ArtsThanks for clarification ... otherwise we would never know.
 Because there are COGLIONI of the kind !!! What can you do with the photo there! With that cabbage caption! Ahahaha lost world
Only I know that the citadel looks vaguely like Westeros?
UNICT TUTTAPer all those returns home at lunch and dinner on the bus !!!
Remember: "there is never a good progress with the study" (cit.).
Only and only for you, B. M. 🌷
Wanted fantasy football or people willing to make one born, if they still better ragusani
Always dedicated to you, B. M. 😘
Dedicated to all those who must know / meet and do not know how to do: v
I wish there was someone capable of listening ..
Thanks for collaboration. D:
"From Monday after mid-August I start studying" cit.
A former roommate felt like a punk for this
I would like to have the serenity of mind of those who still, like him, did not understand who died ..
I feel so down tonight ..
I'm the blond girl from boggio lera. Needless to argue for me. I do not like boys: D: D
Jurisprudence Years and years of sacrifices condensed into a thesis and this is the end they do !!!
For the dolphin girl of medicine, after that long chat I forgot your name, I dedicate this and in case you like I like to be contacted;)
Meanwhile, in the office of a university professor ...
ENGINEERING In the face of other Engineering courses!
UNICT. CDC. What can I do with a socket in the roof ?!
ECONOMIAStasera someone goes to the Discus?
Engineering education - Third floor
To respond to the post girl Dreaming of being there is no pay ... Although, you can not settle:) Coldplay are COLDPLAY :): D
Ata Nnesciri I satisfy you !!!
GoT - jurisprudence Here is what you find yourself writing in the xD desks
Benedictine Even at university the comfort of slippers!
I found this beautiful kitten. Who is willing to adopt it?
the meter broke!
Eeeeddaaii !!! That's enough!
Know if there are places where they look for staff for some summer job? We are without Soddì: D
UNICT Snowball Strange students: D
At the student's home the ants enter the jars even with the lid closed.
It is no coincidence that at the Cus, for the prize of the faculties, a cloud shaped like an elephant (u liotru)
To avoid this there is Spotted!
I wonder: what's wrong with the people ??? literally!!
To a good connoisseur, a few words! ;)
Chiellini, insecure, asks for opinions on his new tattoo to Brazilians. Source: O rly? No for pretend.
Freely inspired by the spot
And when you open an app between a book and another and you find this written ... laughter is born spontaneous ahahahaha
X keep company to post 1758 !!!!!
In response to posts
Self Service laundries near the cathedral square?
the pearls of wisdom at UNICT
La Peppa said ...
And what do you think? Favorable or opposed to dubbing in Italian?
I am a girl and I follow football. Am I the only one?
Also peppa pig tifa Italy
I wait for you all at my funeral. Anonymous.
Studying production cycle technology ...
Baths of political science, the "when" pisses with laughter. (Sheet placed on the toilet, perfect place to pee with laughter)
Unict Dedicated to all those (like me) in this situation! : D
Conclusion of the evening yesterday. Being vegetarian is great
SnowballThe WiFi network disappears and I take control of it.
Are there any girls who do not drink and do not get drunk every Wednesday? Ps: I hate you .. what do you think?
That said .... peace and love .... !!!
You write bullshit .... and in the meantime I PAY !!!! :(
Faculty of EngineeringDidatticaMagnifici lifts of the faculty
To my best enemy, to your defeat, which is slow and devastating. Eat broth of frogs, batman with vermilion hair, you will need to resist.-Bane
Sighted Dove in the study room to the virgin
I would propose to prevent the publication of certain posts ... you are a mass of rude !!!!!!!
Because the volcano is the land we love, we are afraid of the eruption ... !!!
Siciliano DOC ... For the series
DMI - InformaticaResponsively to the students who are studying Software Engineering and on Monday they are doing the test in itinere
I know you're from Paternò, you're about 22 23 years old and your name is Emanuele. How do I contact you?
UNICTEconomists apply the principles of physics!
Women take an example
A little 'solidarity :)
40,000 intruders at our house !!!
You L.T randomly tag your friends in each post, instead study to break the boxes. Ps: deforested
Having a kavasaki does not mean owning a brain!
Classroom study library medicine and surgery.Pink stink that stinks ...
Education Sciences ... Verginelle study room. More out of place than a porch in front of a mosque!
Adopt all a pay off matrix
For all the fanatics, the spoilers, the nerds ... YOU WERE BROKEN WITH THIS GOT !! A tribute to you, you puttastiru n'ciriveddu !!
Mbare but are you serious ?? Know that you will return home by bus.
Pharmacy bathWe are at the pharmacy at the pharmacy. The latest fashion for not throwing paper in the toilet.
You who are beautiful spancarancio al fresco in the hammock in the stairs to go down to chemistry ... YOU HAVE OUR ESTIMATE two envious girlsP.S but rents by chance ???
Policlinico tarzanelli bar well in sight at lunchtime, to better digest!
Only finesse to the Benedictines! What are you waiting for?!?
UNICT Can anyone tell me what all this music is today in the citadel?
ECONOMY Thank you for everything! From all (or almost) students of Economics and Business Administration ♥
It concerns all the spoilers that have been there in the last two hours. And with this I finished! Ah, it's still me
Too much foresight: D
Trust me, I'm an engineer !!
